---
title: "Life"
date: 2020-08-09T22:00:02+09:00
draft: true
toc: false
tags: 
  - life
  - art
  - party
  - sense
images: 
 - "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1586105449897-20b5efeb3233?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjEyMDd9&w=1000&q=80"
---

Now I am a mother of seven-and-a-half-year-old and four-and-a-half-year-old son and daughter waiting for my third child in December. Before I became a mother of three, there was a time when I was worried about raising my first child. My first son, Yul, followed people without shyness. Even when I was two years old, I used to play on the beach for an hour without my mom and dad, holding the hands of my Italian cook husband's colleagues. He also follows his father so well that he tried to go out at night to watch his friend's flamenco performance at night when he was 8 months old while breast-feeding. After coming back from the trip, I felt relieved and a little empty looking at my son sleeping quietly in his arms.    

It was when the child was 1 year old and 9 months old. A best friend couple living in Spain married. So I really flew in Italy for the first time in years and headed to Seville alone to join my friends' weddings. I felt so strange and empty and left something behind, having always been with my child for 24 hours since he woke up in the morning, eating, playing, walking, working, going to the bathroom and sleeping. At the same time, it has been so long since I traveled alone without my husband or child that there was a little tension and fear, but I was excited to travel entirely for myself.    

On the first day of arrival, we had to shoot lightly here and there (compared to the past when we were always carrying our children around) due to Flamenco's work, and we didn't even know time was passing by because we talked about things we haven't talked about in a long time at our friend's house. By evening, I had come to my senses and called my husband anxiously, and I was relieved of my first son, who was so well without me, and who was sleeping well without my mother. Now, let's get ready to have fun at the reception party starting tomorrow!    

The next morning was followed by the wedding and reception of Nicte, once a flamenco dancer in Seville, and Joshua, a computer programmer and the groom who enjoys flamenco guitar playing. What cannot be left out of a party is music, dance, delicious food and alcohol! Our friend Meriem was in charge of DJing, and she is preparing for musicians' management and festivals. Her outstanding memory, multi-culture from childhood to present, and love for music have attracted a wide range of world music from the music of the sixties to the present, and her DJing has forced us not to dance.    

"How long has it been since I moved my body freely? Before I gave birth to my first son and left for Italy, I remembered the last lesson of Ramón Martínez's Fin de Bulerias Flamenco. In Italy, flamenco classes at the level of Seville could not be expected. I have always lived with my first son, Yul, with the baby-band, not to mention dancing, for a long time. Then, my trip alone was a heart-breaking time with my friends who had known me before I was a mother. That's how the dance started. I got to dance with my stylish friend Andreji, who usually doesn't dance easily. As he advised not to look down to see foot movements, he moved his body as he led, and as the music felt. Then something hot poured out of my heart and began to wet my cheeks. Andreji comforted me, saying, "Everything is fine," and I buried my face in his chest and wept for a long time. After crying for so long, I felt like I was loosening up something that was murmuring in my heart. Why did I cry so much?"    

Among my friends who knew me as an artist, not as someone's mother, but as someone's wife, I might have wanted to find my lost identity. I think it was so difficult to narrow the gap between me and the present me, who became a mother before having a child. Previously, if I had always asked myself what I wanted, and had lived my life to do it, I had lived with all my attention since I became a mother, what to do for this little child of mine who absolutely needs me, who could not survive without me before taking care of me. It seems, therefore, that I, who was the center of my world, had been removed to one side and had not looked into it for a long time, that I had been sitting with my head down and squatting.    

This immense power of maternal love slowly cooled my enthusiasm for Flamenco, too. The momentary moments with the child were so precious and good. When I'm with my child, I feel like all the time is stopped. Only the present exists. So the present and the present continued, and time passed, and in this passing time, I and my husband and child existed. Of course, for two and a half years after giving birth, I carried my baby on the baby belt and flew back and forth between Spain and Italy, working and raising at the same time. When a big project came in, even during the busy summer season, my husband would take my child out to play in the morning, work all night from the evening when the child was sleeping, and go to sleep until 6 or 7 a.m. While working so hard, I felt my heart slowly cooling down, and even when I went to Seville, where I loved so much, I decided on the last cowhide down as I repeatedly came back after finishing my work. That's how the biennale Flamenco (a festival held every two years in the fall) was organized by Flamenco Bienale Flamenco, where flamenco people from all over the world visit Seville to listen to high-profile performances and workshops, buy costumes and props, and go back). Of course, later on, in addition to the flamenco costumes, large flamenca Persian works were sold as flamenco museums or private directors, but they stopped designing or producing flamenco costumes. I think that was the beginning of a true conversation with me.    

It was the first time in more than 30 years that I faced a difficult situation in my life, knowing clearly what my dream is and what I want to do. The floating time that I don't know what I really want to do made me nervous. A big picture of me wanting to be with my husband and child was somehow being drawn, but I couldn't figure out what I wanted in it. Nervous, I began to grab and read like crazy, and when I had a child and rewrote a rather slow diary, a one-on-one conversation began with me.    

Then one day, I heard something really important while talking to my Italian cook husband.    

"People seem to think a lot about what they do and who they are. A job is just one of the many things he has."   

Yes! I've also been in this trap for a long time. I live my life under the illusion that what I do and how much money I earn tell me who I am. What I do is that too many countries, my favorite hobbies, personality, fashion, values, habits, are just one of the things that shape people. And he added,    

"If you want to start painting again, just start. Artists don't think about whether money will come in or not. Don't worry. If you want to do anything, just start."    

Yes, I am. I am an artist, why did I think that if this is not directly connected to income, I would be shabby because I would not be recognized by others? The flamenco costume work was luckily meant to bring in artistic aspects and income. However, painting purely is a path of a poor and lonely single-minded person unless successful, as is the case everywhere in the world.    

First, it's starting to become clear little by little what I want to try again in my life. But that didn't make it that easy to restart painting. I had never put a pencil out of my hand since I was young, and when I left for Spain because I was crazy about Flamenco, I did some different types of work than before, so I didn't feel like I was drawing. Drawing is also something that builds up with time, so once you let go of your hands, you have to invest as much time as you let go. Also, for a picture to be drawn, you need to be mentally and physically in a condition that doesn't tire you out, and you're distracted by a pleasant day with your child all day long. As you can see, it's often nightfall that we just fall asleep next to the child. Therefore, it was not easy to draw without being alert for some reason.    

"A few years ago, on a deep night when I was painting, I tore up several pages and finally found a drawing that I liked. My heart was pounding and my hands were shaking until this painting came out. In case I can't paint the way I wanted again, the title of this work is "La Paura." It's a drawing for all the mothers in the world who fear that they will never see their old self again. It may be too natural to be afraid. But let's not forget that beyond this fear lies the great power that makes every mother in the world stronger. It's love, it'll be motherhood. The motherhood that pushes me out of the center and makes me have no choice but to protect and love myself. Isn't that the power that makes every mother in the world face a more mature self?"    

Let's not rush. Let's go slow like a turtle. Don't be impatient, it's a long breath. As the depth of life deepens, the depth of work deepens, so don't be too hasty just because you draw less, and it's important to steadily draw at least one page a day, comforting yourself with an urgent mind. Of course, considering the days when I could only work in the past, I know that investing only 1-2 hours a day in drawing is a lot of work and time. But now I am not the one who used to focus on work. Now I am an artist, a man's wife, and will be a mother of three children in the future. You can't have everything in the world. Depending on where and how you invest 24 hours a day, and what kind of thoughts you have and what kind of mind you live with, each day builds up to make you a person. Why don't you go slow like a turtle! You can live by feeling five senses at the moment!    