---
title: Planning, everyday, freelance
subtitle : Story#202009142320
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Planning
 - everyday
 - freelance
date : 2020-09-14T14:20:32+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1584967918940-a7d51b064268?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

We all learn to plan schedules in school. In order to spend the day effectively, you are trained to think for yourself and plan your routine. Designing a routine is harder than you think. It is not because it is important to draw only circles and straight lines, but because the content in them affects my daily life. To make a good plan, you first need to know yourself well, and unfortunately, children always overestimate themselves.  

Creating a plan ahead of your motivation to be a good and good child will yield amazing results. This is because I only have to sleep 3-4 hours a day, and I fill my schedule with study and exercise. Due to the desire to do well, the play time and meal time are absurdly short. If I live with such a schedule, I feel like I will be taken to the hospital at once, but at the time I made the schedule, I am very proud. He proudly hangs it on the wall and tries to run it, but within a day he finds himself failing. The word “jaksim three days” is also long. Would the word "jaksim" be the best match? After experiencing the right life in such a short time, making a plan was just for the purpose of filling in that time, so I fall into vain.  

Based on the experience of being disappointed enough with themselves, most people don't like planning a schedule very much. But unfortunately, even without a schedule, the routine is getting more and more tight. From elementary school to high school, I am busy attending schools and academies, and when I come to college, I am busy studying for employment and obtaining the necessary qualifications. It's a competition. If you're working part-time, the time you can spend time is at night. (That's why he drank like that every night.) At work, I feel exhausted just by commuting at a fixed time. It becomes increasingly difficult to plan your daily life. Rather, it is only sad that it is difficult to live because I am stuck in a plan prepared by society. When I was young, it seems that I had the option to plan my daily life at will, but I gradually realize that it takes money and effort to have a choice. This is a fact I didn't know when I had the privilege in my hand. Now, in order to have that privilege, a decision is required. After all, if you want to plan your own daily routine, you have to become a freelancer.  

To be healthy as a freelancer, you need a plan. To plan things to do in a day, things to do in a week, and things that can be completed in a month, the knowledge you learned as a child will slowly come out. However, I do not overestimate myself because I now know exactly how much I was overestimating when I was young. Spend modest lazy time and prioritize your work. I try not to be three minutes of jaksim and three days of jaksim. It's probably a blessing to be able to go about your daily routine as you plan. This is because it means that I can spend my daily life as I will. Every day is rewarding. Today too, I look at the schedule to feel the reward. It's working fine. Let's go as it is.  

