---
title: Mother, Mother's Day, Everyday
subtitle : Story#202009142339
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Mother
 - Mother Day
 - Everyday
date : 2020-09-14T14:39:22+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1470339792171-40ea7754a176?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

A text message I just received. For lunch this Sunday, my sister-in-law contacted me to ask for a meal with my in-laws.  

At first, I thought it was just an ordinary meal invitation, but it turned out to be French'Mother's Day'.  

To explain for a moment, Mother's Day is a day in Korea that celebrates mom and dad on the same day on Mother's Day on May 8, while France has Mother's Day and Father's Day separately. Similarly, Grandma's Day and Grandpa's Day each have their own celebration days.  

French Mother's Day is "usually" the last Sunday in May. However, if the date of the Holy Spirit Advent (Pentecôte) overlaps (because the Pentecôte in 2020 was the last Sunday in May), Mother's Day will be delayed by one week, so in the case of 2020, June Sunday the 7th became Mother's Day.  

Mother's Day in France was officially formulated by the government in 1929, and in fact, even before France officially made it, the Mother's Day tradition began with the Greeks celebrating their mother in their own way by worshiping Zeus' mother Leah. It is said that it is done.  

It's not a detailed explanation of Mother's Day, but I'm leaving the explanation behind...  

I decided to meet at my sister-in-law's house for lunch on Sunday, so I asked what I would do with the gifts.  

My sister-in-law will prepare it for herself, so we only need to transfer the money, so my husband made the transfer right away.  

On Mother's Day, I thought that I could just eat meals, give flowers, and give gifts with Korean Mother's Day.  

Then today, because it was my husband's day off, I ate lunch and went shopping. Originally, I go on weekends, but when I go on weekends, there are too many people, so I'm so distracted.. As expected this Sunday, for Mother's Day, the flower shop was filled with roses and flowers, and there were quite a few people waiting in line to buy flowers. It felt like putting a lot of carnations in a Korean flower shop.  

Our sister-in-law has already bought flowers and presents, so we passed the long line and entered the supermarket. And after reading the list while looking at the list written on the cell phone notepad, I went out after calculating. After calculating, the number of people in the flower shop where there was a long line across the street decreased considerably.  

As I was just passing by the flower shop, my husband stopped for a moment and said to me, "I have to buy flowers."  

So I asked again. We asked, "What flowers do you say your sister-in-law lives," and soon our first wedding anniversary! So I asked, "Ah! Is it our first wedding anniversary flower?"  

Leaving a meaningful smile without an answer, my husband walked toward the flower shop and picked the flower he liked the most. As I looked at it, I thought, of course,'It's my first wedding anniversary, so I live to celebrate.' The fact that I had chosen my favorite flower for my wedding anniversary was just a joy.  

My husband made the payment and walked toward me and stopped in front of me. And said to me. "Actually, this flower is not given by me, but by the baby in the stomach (Taemyeong: Byeolyi), congratulate Mother's Day in advance! Of course, I didn't say that I was congratulating, but Byeolyi said it!" Handed over.  

I didn't even think that Mother's Day would be related to me, and I wasn't expecting a day to commemorate "Mother's Day", but I was a little embarrassed by the unexpected flower gift, but on my way home with joy All the while, I couldn't put the flower out of my arms.  

Until I got home like that, I carefully laid down the flowers I had in my arms on the table.  

And when I took out a vase of the right size from the chest of drawers, cut the stems diagonally, trimmed the leaves and sang Lululala hum, my husband, who looked at me like that, was also smiling.  

A surprise gift I received on 'Mother's Day', which seemed to have nothing to do with me. These days, as the birth date is getting closer, I have been looking forward to, but I also have anxiety and fear, and the anxiety and fear seem to have decreased a little.  

My husband gave me a surprise flower gift even though it was Mother's Day, a day I could just pass by.  

My husband makes me feel that he gives me a sincere heart every moment.  

Even if it's not a big, expensive gift, I feel comforted and respected thanks to my husband who gives me a genuine, small gift in my daily life.  

