---
title: I am also a writer, my daughter, everyday, empathy essay
subtitle : Story#202009141216
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - I am also a writer
 - my daughter
 - everyday
 - empathy essay
date : 2020-09-14T03:16:05+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1590418648826-4a9352c2a65d?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Ding-dong, Ding-dong!  

The doorbell rings. She puts her right index finger at the tip of her nose and shouts "Shh!" at her 11-year-old daughter and wife. About two minutes later, he opened the front door only after he heard the sound of the elevator door opening and closing. He took a pack of paper bags into the house as if he was secretly bringing a secret object from the meeting place, as if it would appear in the movie 007 series.  

Please put it on the front door of the house. When you come, just press the bell.  

The receipt with the request written on the delivery app fluttered. In the square, rectangular transparent plastic container, the traces of the delivery man's hurry remained intact, and sushi was slightly crowded to one side. He worked from home in the aftermath of Corona 19 and rarely went outside, thinking as if he was passing the weight of life that the deliveryman would feel as a living person. One set of special sushi and one set of salmon/beef sushi were taken out on the table first, followed by the buckwheat soba noodles and soup in a round container. I put the hot miso soup, wasabi, and rock bridge on the table, so I didn't envy the sushi restaurant I used to go to.  

As always, the first choice for a sushi menu is with her daughter. Salmon sushi was always delicious, and I always chose salmon sushi when I went to eat it. It wasn't once or twice that I sang a song to eat salmon sushi and went to a sushi restaurant. Even today, my daughter said she wanted to eat salmon sushi, and she put salmon sushi directly into the delivery app cart. With beef sushi, which is loved by her second most recently.  

Looking back, when he first stepped into the sushi world, he enjoyed eating tuna sushi and flatfish sushi. As I started eating tuna sashimi and flatfish sashimi, I remember it because it was a familiar ingredient. Perhaps that's why these days, when tuna sushi and flatfish sushi come out on the menu, it doesn’t work well. It was said that an athlete who was only eating ramen and running after winning the medal said he didn't want to eat ramen. Is that similar feeling?  

There are people who just stare at me, so she's a wife. "Come on, eat a lot." I don’t think of putting sushi in my mouth while holding only chopsticks so I don’t listen to my husband’s words. Remove the mayonnaise onion toppings that the daughter hates, and watch the child eat. “Eat first, please eat.” He noticed that he wants the husband and child to eat first. The words and gestures passed by her mother's face. Are all mothers' hearts the same?  

These days, my daughter, who is strongly attracted to beef sushi, smashed five beef sushi with the number one salmon sushi next to her. The daughter, who eats breakfast while counting the number of grains of rice, seemed to be the child next door. "It's delicious, it's delicious." As he watched his daughter eat sushi one by one, he looked with a happy smile. I also felt that the shoulders of the head of the householder in charge of earning a meal became a little heavier.  

After eating small chunks of rice topped with flatfish, tuna, beef, and eel, I felt full. When I thought about it, he thought that the fullness was not because of sushi, but because of eating the bread sent by my brother-in-law. What does it matter if you are full for what? He focused only on the fact that he was full. In fact, it wasn't him who had that habit. This is the result of training that started with the Quito diet (low carb, high fat diet), which started accidentally at the end of last year, and stops as soon as you are full. I put my chopsticks down and thought boldly of myself that I could make that decision.  

For some reason, my daughter's favorite salmon sushi remains four. Suddenly, he saw tuna sushi and flatfish sushi as if overlapping his wishful appearance.  

'The first love for both sushi and people is just the first love.'  

At the moment that came to mind, he shrugged with a gesture that seemed to know only himself.  

“Eat more.” Said the wife. “I can’t eat more because I’m full.” He put the chopsticks and plates he had been using in the sink to clearly reveal his will. He thought there would be no clearer self-expression than that. The wife said, eating the remaining salmon sushi one by one. “I’m full too.. Ah, I can’t do it, I have to eat my country.”  

When he was a college student who started enjoying sushi in earnest, his father once said this.  

“If you meet your girlfriend, don't buy sushi or sashimi too early, because once you start eating, they will ask you to eat only sushi or sashimi. Chuckles.”  

He clearly remembers the jokes of the day and the expressions and voices of his father. It seemed like it was because it was the day that the word'girlfriend' first appeared in a conversation with my father.  

Is it so? One day when he started dating his wife in earnest (?), he went for a drive to Sokcho, Gangwon-do, and ate sushi and sashimi to be full. My wife still tells the story, which is nearly twenty years old. It was delicious back then.  

Even now, when he sees sushi, he thinks of his father's jokes on that day and his trip to Sokcho with his girlfriend. Curious about the person who will keep buying sushi for his daughter.  

