---
title: community,starting,daily
subtitle : Story#202009050100
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - community
 - starting
 - daily
date : 2020-09-04T16:00:53+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1517048676732-d65bc937f952?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

When you encounter various communities, you will at some point think that you want to create your own community. Even if you don't go to the community, sometimes you will be strongly attracted to connections with people who have the same taste in your repetitive daily life. The community is a group with a low threshold that anyone can try, but it is also an area where many things seem vague at the stage of design how to start and finish. If you want to start a community, if you're running your own community now. For a solid community that can draw more from each other, we're going to give you a short guide to help you get started and run.  

*  

### 1 Start from my desire  

The community is more like a marathon with a long breath than an event that ends at once. From persuading participants to continuing my desire, what's more important than popping ideas is strong endurance. Internal motivation of community operators is important because there are no visible results like other projects. If the community operator fails to organize why we are gathering and what this connection means in his or her own language, it will be difficult to maintain the appeal of the community.  

Ato, the organizer of the philosophical side dish, Ebrow, the organizer of the self-composed workshop Mamamu, and Daehan, the organizer of the wise music life. The atmosphere and character of the community run by the three people were different, but the structure of the community, which all started deep inside of itself, is the same. "I want to try this." The unspeakable beginning is always vague, but the community can start with such rough and strong motives.  

I also started the current affairs debate 'The Politica' when I was exhausted from too busy work from summer to winter. This is because I had a strong desire to find myself exhausted and fill in new stimuli and knowledge. Form and content are the next problems. The most important thing is the inner desire to break through the beginning of an untidy community. Attractive formatting that attracts others is a problem to consider when community power is stabilized.  

*  

### 2 Getting Started with Neighborhood Needs  

Friends who had busy daily lives wanted time to rest completely. However, the break did not mean a break with the world, and we were aiming for a relationship that was just a little different from the world, which was connected to others, but not too close to share our daily lives. Sometimes I'm just tired of talking and saying hello. Properly guaranteed anonymity and an honest space to bring me out completely. Add a little bit of worry and we can solve two conflicting needs at once.  

Today's Menu, which was conducted in the sea of thought, was a program to listen to the whole thing. You don't have to say hello to each other or reveal who you are in public. It was just a program where you can feel another sense of stability by mixing with strangers. Today's city just needs space to blend in with people without having to reveal who I am. At the same time, philosophical side dishes were a place to bring up their own honest thoughts. All the participants had to use nicknames and to hide their daily lives that would be revealed in the process of introducing themselves, they let each other grasp only the feelings that dominated me today. For example, I'm not introducing myself with information about where I live and what I'm doing with what I'm doing, but through the "trembling" feeling that dominated me today and what happened.  

In a society that goes back to the principle of competition, one had to make a difference between the outside and inside. Therefore, in order to reveal my true self, I had to hide myself from the outside again. If you observe the need to expand your needs and live together, you can start a community where more people can feel comfortable.  

*  

### 3 To look from the perspective of three regions  

Although access to online communities is attempted after Corona 19, offline communities are still more local-oriented than anything else. This is because it is a community that meets eyes, shoulders, and looks at each other's facial expressions. If you look at the deficiencies and strengths from the local perspective, you can plan a wider community in a broader sense.  

In the North Korean community apology program, writers from the Seoul metropolitan area will be invited to meet with local readers. Attention is focusing on the lack of meeting famous writers in the region, creating a community with book-loving readers, planning lectures based on books, and now expanding into lectures that contain various lifestyles.  

Conversely, it can also utilize regional strengths. We are planning a healing community utilizing the waters of Gwangalli through collaborative projects with artists supported by local cultural foundations. It's a healing program where you put soft cloth on the Gwangalli sea and control your breathing and breathing, along with the tip of the red sunset during your busy daily life. If you observe local characteristics closely, you can try something with countless people who sympathize with my needs.  

*  

Now we are used to the word saloon beyond the community. The beginning of community planning is to look back on everyday life. The strongest motivation is the 'internal motivation' that began in my daily life. You can start with what you think is a problem, or you can hope that there will be a meeting like this in your area or in your neighborhood. It's okay if it's a meeting that I've seen somewhere else and is already being held somewhere else. Community creativity is not revealed at the beginning stage. Starting with my own desire, transforming one by one in a way that I can do well is to refine my unique community that has never existed in the world.  

