---
title: Introduction, Daily Life, Study
subtitle : Story#202009050617
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Introduction
 - Daily Life
 - Study
date : 2020-09-04T21:17:58+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1581043144435-ebcd25885809?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I'm Catherine, HR manager at Doat.  

Today, I'd like to introduce you to how our Doat employees are enjoying their hard times. :-)  

Shall we go together?  

June Developer Monthly Meetup  

First of all! Monthly Meetup, a monthly gathering of developers, was held on the 5th.  

Currently, the detailed chapters of the Doat development team are divided into the front-end, back-end, app, DE, and QA, each chapter is designed to reflect on what it has done over the past month, share its future plans, and ask/answer questions.  

Especially, this June Meetup was a bit special!  

It was a little more open than the rather close meeting space in the office, and we rented a large space where we could discuss and listen to each other. Of course, I wore all the masks and proceeded safely. :-)  

This June Meetup was especially meaningful because many new developers participated.  

In fact, many of you who came to Doat to watch our brunch.  

  

In an interview with Doat, I asked the employees how they felt about the development culture they saw in Brunch, and they were very satisfied and proud! He did. :-)  

Also, I participated in the development study myself!  

Recently, Doat was able to meet more solid-looking studies with the creation of an official study support system. ( ('̀-'́)  

The fact that if you receive formal study approval for groupware, you will not only support individual textbooks and conference rooms, but also support the cost of books!  

After studying hard, if we all look back and eat delicious dinner together, I think that's the perfect finish. :-)  

The study we met this time was a curry restaurant and a category study!  

Since last time, we've been all wearing masks in case we don't know. Let's see them studying hard together.  

Especially for the curry restaurant study, we will have dinner for this week's review, so we will bring it back as a special development study. Please look forward to it!  

The 5th anniversary of the launch of the Zigzag online party (with the Great Library  

On the 12th, we had a party to celebrate the 5th anniversary of the launch of the zigzag app!  

Until last year, we had a delicious dinner together every launch day, but this time it was a little special.  

It was an untact online party where you can enjoy your own personal gifts in your workspace!  

We have delivered the catering box and the new zigzag hoodie we have prepared, divided by each floor/team.  

While everyone was waiting for the opening of the launch day party after receiving the gifts, we've released a special guest for this 5th anniversary party, and there's a rumor that our team has never revealed it.  

We're having this launching day party with the 1 million YouTuber Grand Library! ʕ•ع•ʔ  

After the release, we waited for YouTube Live to begin with great shock and anticipation.  

First CEO Johnny's 5th anniversary greeting, Grand Library!  

With our team's prepared sections such as Direct Jack Diary and Direct Jack Awards, we were able to communicate and enjoy real-time chatting.  

Let's have a toast with beer!  

For those of you who are not drinking, we have prepared drinks in the snack bar. :-)  

During the two hours of the event, time really flew by.  

Everyone was sad about the end and promised to come next time. The Great Library said that you would visit the company in July, but I won't forget it. The archipelago!  

So we briefly introduced our recent daily lives on Doat. How was it?  

It's a tiring and difficult time for everyone, but for those of you who rely on each other, enjoy themselves, and have fun.  

I wanted to take this opportunity to thank you.  

Everyone, fighting! See you at the next post! ٩(•◡•)۶  

