---
title: Daily life, Schubert, chamber music
subtitle : Story#202009050521
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - Schubert
 - chamber music
date : 2020-09-04T20:21:30+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1562938949-83c5d9d21f13?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

The daily routine of washing dishes with an apron on after dinner. Sometimes I really don't want to do it. Looking at the dishes piled up in front of the sink, I feel annoyed and grumpy by myself. 'I wish you'd come and do this. What can I do? While looking for a YouTube video, I put on Bluetooth earphones because I thought it was this.He wears rubber gloves and starts washing dishes by concentrating on the music he hears.  

Schubert Piano Trio D929.  

The piano trio consists of a piano, violin and cello. A calm piano sound begins, followed by a heavy cello melody. How did Schubert make this melody?  It's sad and solemn, but it'sAt that moment, the violin joined forces and gradually shifted to a tense mode. It calms down before I know it. "What do you mean, this masterpiece and dishwashing?Where did your irritated heart go? Soon I felt better.  
  

Schumann, a composer and music critic, also called it "a comet-like work in the world's music scene" and said it was full of more dramatic and masculine power than the previous piano trio.  

Schubert, who devoted himself to the string quartet, said he wasn't very interested in the piano trio. However, Schubert, who became interested in piano trio thanks to his friends who came in his later years, instantly gave birth to two masterpieces. Both songs were composed and played for them after getting to know their friends, Karl Maria von Bocklet, Ignaz Schfan Chih and Josef Lingke.  

The second of the two piano trio's pieces, D.929 is a masterpiece that shows a close connection between the two masters, and is especially famous for the second movement. The limping piano rhythm that opens the second movement, and the deep melody of the cello that flows through it, with an impressive melody that can never be forgotten at the end of the fourth movement, the melody appears in a brilliantly shining major and completes a wonderful drama.  The dramatic journey reminds me of Beethoven's symphony heading for 'From Darkness to Light.'  

  

When the meditative second movement ends quietly, it leads to the lovely Canon of the third movement. Canon is a kind of spinning song in which a saint imitates the subject saint equally from a few words back. The pursuit of stringed instruments closely following the piano and the light and cheerful atmosphere resemble Haydn's music. The last four movements (see the video below) have a fairly long playing time because the original theme is repeated continuously and various music is played in various ways.  

  

If you listen to this music and take a walk when you have a complicated problem, you might find the answer. The 2nd movement of the unknowingly bold melody (in my opinion) recommends pressing the play button right away when you need something dramatic in your boring daily life or just for a quick end to something you don't want to do like me.  

