---
title : Disease, virus, everyday
subtitle : Story#202009231642
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Disease
 - virus
 - everyday
date : 2020-09-23T16:42:06+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1581056771188-021d4a0f8ec0?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Infectious diseases have always been, everywhere.  

However, the spreading power and lethality were different.  

The history of threatening humanity, whether it is a virus or a germ, continues. Even if a tribe living in the jungle had been annihilated by a deadly disease we do not know about, we would not even know its existence. Even if they weren't stuck in the jungle, death from disease would have ceased in certain families or tribes at the time when they lived as a family unit before the formation of a large-scale village or city.  

But the population grew and the problem began. As the number of people increased, the social distance became closer. Problems began to arise when farming on a large scale, raising livestock and living together in densely populated areas. And, in some cases, the people who came to live in such a group lived in a more hygienic poor environment, polluted the surrounding environment, or exerted artificial influence on nature and came into close contact. Furthermore, as people traded, conquered wars, and moved to other regions, the spread and destructive power of diseases increased rapidly.  

The problem is that due to the recent accelerated expansion of international exchanges, pollution and destruction of the environment, and climate change, the pandemic of diseases will repeat more often in the future. Rather, even if it is possible to cover something caused by bacteria to some extent through antibiotics, the virus will constantly arise, spread and mutate. And after that, it will take 0.5 to 2 years for a vaccine to be developed, and it is unknown that everyone gets vaccinated each time to secure the immunity of the entire population.  

Viruses and bacteria may be prevalent together, virus mutations may become frequent, or various types of viruses may be repeated in consideration of seasonal characteristics. Pandemic (although even the continuation of the WHO proclaiming the pandemic is suspected) is now more likely to become a routine and routine, not a hot issue.  

Every year, or even a year, two or three types of viruses are outbreaks that will make people nervous. The same may be said of the coronavirus outbreak, but if people who were nervous at first run out of patience in their blocked life and show off successful quarantine in the news, they will try to return to their daily routine as quickly as this weekend. Some people wear masks, but depending on the path of infection of the virus, the path of infection with those who do not, and the onset of symptoms, it is unlikely that the secondary or tertiary recurrence will be prevented.    

If the disease epidemic begins in this way, people's perception and paradigm shift will take place. It could be because people who weren't changing their perceptions changed their perceptions, or it could be because people who weren't changing their perceptions all fell out of disease.  

In all areas of society, daily routines that have been changed to fit a new paradigm will take place, and thus humanity can find a way or destroy it. (Even though there are many sacrifices, you will eventually find a way out?)  
