---
title : Daily life, essays, corona
subtitle : Story#202009231657
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - essays
 - corona
date : 2020-09-23T16:57:33+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1519682337058-a94d519337bc?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
The day before yesterday, the songs of swimmers were heard all over the timeline. There seemed to be a text message saying that the holiday was extended for another two weeks at a local swimming pool. No one would have expected that the operation would resume from next week, but after receiving such a text message, the power will run out. Our local cultural center has been closed since early February. When I think about the last time I went to the swimming pool, I can't remember it. Flippers...? equilibrium?!? what is that. Are you eating?  

A friend who started working from home due to the spread of Corona 19 reported that he had purchased a desk. I was planning to move at the end of March, so I didn't have to sit at my desk to read a book or surf the web after work. You probably didn't know in your dreams that in the near future you would work from home like this. Of course, it was too uncomfortable to work at home without a desk. Fortunately, he was looking for interior items in time for the move, so he said he was able to save time by having a desk he had already seen. Along with a picture of a small, simple, pure white desk, the message "Assemble and complete as soon as it arrives! Much easier!" arrived.  

A friend from Sydney briefed me about the trash crisis in Australia due to COVID-19. In Australia, where the aftermath of Corona 19 was relatively less, for the first time, deaths occurred for the first time. It's not a mask or a food that can be preserved for a long time, but tissue paper? When I turned on the Australian radio Nova 969 in a car with my head tilted, there was a serious and funny debate about this pause. Hosts tried to connect the phone by asking questions such as "Corona 19 was a disease related to toilets, but am I the only one who didn't know about it?" or "Is the top priority of items needed in an emergency really toilet paper?" They expressed their own logic and seriously explained why it was a tissue. A newspaper company said to satirize this situation and use it as toilet paper, and added an extra page of blank paper in the newspaper to create laughter. However, the tragedy of tissue paper is clearly ongoing, and even the doll-drawing machine is constantly being updated with sad stories that tissue paper is used instead of dolls. I hope that Corona 19 does not spread significantly in Australia so that this situation can be truly remembered as 'Happening'.  

I haven't been to the 'west' area of surfing, but I wonder if the feelings of surfers waiting for the big wave that never know when will come. I've always been busy running away when there is a big wave at the beach, but I can't understand this feeling, but I'm floating in the water, waiting for the waves, pouring black tea, warming up the scones I bought yesterday, and waiting for the normal days to come back as soon as possible. Would the surfer's mind waiting for the big wave be so desperate? After two weeks, I hope you will receive a pleasant text to inform you of the good news.  