---
title : International students, corona, everyday
subtitle : Story#202009231554
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - International students
 - corona
 - everyday
date : 2020-09-23T15:54:36+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1585222515068-7201a72c4181?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
The past two weeks have lived in shock, anxiety, fear, and frustration. During the two-week spring break, I wanted to take my baby in a stroller, take a walk, and eat a lot of delicious food when the weather is good, and it became a dream at once. All day long, I sit home and read books, do homework, watch babies, eat meals, and watch TV. If I'm stuck at this house, would I get a rental fee of $1700 per month? no. In fact, even before this pandemic, there doesn't seem to be a big difference in the amount of time we stay at home because our couple is in house order. However, there is a distinct difference between not going out with my own will and not being forced out. Yes, that's why the army was so hard. You will have the military-like experience again.  

The past two weeks have lived in shock, anxiety, fear, and frustration. During the two-week spring break, I wanted to take my baby in a stroller, take a walk, and eat a lot of delicious food when the weather is good, and it became a dream at once. All day long, I sit home and read books, do homework, watch babies, eat meals, and watch TV. If I'm stuck at this house, would I get a rental fee of $1700 per month? no. In fact, even before this pandemic, there doesn't seem to be a big difference in the amount of time we stay at home because our couple is in house order. However, there is a distinct difference between not going out with my own will and not being forced out. Yes, that's why the army was so hard. You will have the military-like experience again.  

Worry doesn't stop there. According to the original schedule, in the US MBA, it is correct that most students enjoy the rest of the semester with an internship position to work during the summer vacation. But now it is 180 degrees. First of all, some cases of cancellation have begun to occur in companies that have already promised to work as interns. I've already signed the contract, but since the US has so much flexibility in employment, it's not a job to cut it like this before I even start working. Several friends, including me, are worried. During the summer vacation, I have to earn money and earn a career while working as an intern, which is a big deal. In addition, the aftermath of the economic downturn that this pandemic will bring causes headaches. The game will not be good next summer when our classmates will graduate, and if so, it will be more difficult to establish a favorable condition for a good job. I spend 1-2 billion won to do an MBA for this, which is a big deal. I just became a dad, but I can't be an unemployed after graduation.  

I'm still worried about my daughter, who has only lived for about 75 days, so I can't go around, but I take the baby in a stroller once a day for a walk. Fortunately, I live in the countryside and there aren't many people on the road. If I had lived in a city like New York, it would have been difficult to keep a distance of 6 feet from the people passing by, but I don't have to worry about it here. Unlike large cities, there are many items left in Costco and Trader Joe. Thank you. Originally, I liked the countryside rather than the city, but through this experience, I don't think I will ever feel like living in a more densely populated city center. Even when living in Korea, I wanted to live in Chuncheon, Gangwon-do, where my parents live, or in beautiful Jeju, rather than in Seoul. The only problem is that there is no job, but it is a fatal problem. But these days, I think that this periodic event might change this. The things I do and can do are things that I don't have to do in person. Many employers are realizing the benefits of working from home. Even though I belong to an American workplace, I wonder if the conditions for living in Chuncheon or Jeju Island for several months a year through telecommuting have been established.  

In a context similar to working from home, the culture of delivering and eating food is likely to become mainstream. In the US, there are many people who use various apps and services to deliver and eat a lot of food these days, but it is not comparable to Korea. First of all, the delivery cost is expensive. In our region, there is usually a $3 delivery fee plus a $4 delivery man tip. If you say that only $20 for the food for two people is $20, you can get $30 at once by adding the $7 delivery-related cost to the tax. I ordered a hamburger, but these days it costs about 38,000 won at the exchange rate. Today, an e-mail came from a food delivery platform called DoorDash, which said that the delivery fee was waived. Now that it is forbidden to sit in the hall and eat at the government's recommendation or order, many restaurants are experiencing great difficulties. It will be the same in Korea. Therefore, restaurants that do not deliver delivery in the past have also started delivery services, and since the existing sales level cannot be achieved with tolerable delivery sales, delivery costs are exempted as a problem. As more restaurants join the delivery, delivery costs go down, and the habit of ordering for a while, it seems that even after this epidemic has passed, the frequency of ordering food will certainly be higher than it is now (if the price of food only gets cheaper).  

In addition to these trivial things, how many big and small traces will the coronavirus leave in our daily life, mindset, habits, relationships, and values? After this trial passes, how different will we be in this world we live in?  
