---
title : Daily life, corona, depression
subtitle : Story#202009231610
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - corona
 - depression
date : 2020-09-23T16:10:03+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1587720571114-f31f63b6aee8?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
These days, the country is noisy inside and outside the country due to the Corona 19 virus.  

Even when the number of confirmed cases was small, it wasn't that much, but now that the number of confirmed cases has reached 3,000, the atmosphere itself is very different.  

As the number of confirmed cases is gradually increasing nationwide, it is difficult to know when the situation will stabilize.  

When I see acquaintances living abroad asking if it's okay, I can recognize the seriousness of the situation again.  

Foreign media are already seriously reporting the situation in Korea.  

After the coronavirus outbreak, many changes have occurred in our daily lives.  

### 1. Fear of leaving the house  

I like living at home, but being at home because I want it is different from being at home regardless of my will. Not only crowded places, but also the streets where I walked without thinking, and shops I liked, it is difficult to go out easily because it is now a place where a confirmed person has gone.  

I usually like to travel, but I am in a situation where I can't travel overseas as well as domestic. When I need to recharge, I want to go to the suburbs for a while, but I can't, so it's frustrating. I have a body that can move freely, but I feel like I am trapped in a prison without a grate and cannot come or go.  

### 2. Daily use of masks and hand sanitizers  

In fact, I didn't wear a mask even in the early coronavirus. As a shield from experts saying that it is important to wash your hands well or to thorough personal hygiene rather than a mask-it was bothersome and cramped-and I did not use it well.  

However, as the situation gets worse, we now wear masks even for people around us. When I go out, I always check to make sure I haven't forgotten the mask like I pack my phone. For the time being, there is no choice but to wear a mask. Hand sanitization, which I sometimes took when traveling abroad, has now become a daily routine. When the anxiety comes suddenly, disinfectant is applied as a habit.  

### 3. Anxiety and depression become chronic (lethargy)  

It is anxious and desperate to know when this situation will end.  

Also, I am depressed because humans feel a sense of helplessness. You have to go out to get the sun regularly and change your mood to some extent, but you can't, so your body gets drooping and the feeling of depression gets worse. If you happen to have a body ache or a cold, you may feel excessive anxiety when you think,'Is there any chance...?' Originally, anxiety is maximized in environments or situations that I cannot predict. In addition, there is no visible substance, so the fear increases. Buying daily necessities at a mart or stocking up on medicines in advance is a self-help measure to relieve anxiety.  

### 4. Expanding mutual distrust  

A few days ago, I was eating at the cafeteria, and the people sitting next to me were constantly chatting. If it was normal, I would have said,'I think it's just like that', but since the time is the right time, I thought,'It would be nice to talk after the meal. Even in public transportation, when someone around you coughs, you get anxious.  

Also, when the path of the confirmed person is revealed,'Why did this person travel so much?' I am surprised to find myself thinking in secret. When I think that I have to protect my body in situations where no one can believe it, I seem to be more sensitive and sensitive than usual. In the past, there are cases where you naturally give up or take care of yourself even in situations where you would have been considerate.  

Did you say you know that it was important to lose something?  

After losing the simple routines that I used to spend without thinking about, I finally realize how precious it is.  

Just a few months ago, I didn't know it was more precious because I enjoyed it casually.  

At the mart I visited a while ago, looking at the'sold out' sign in front of the mask section and empty ramen shelves, I felt that the current situation was no different from the exhibition.  

I hope that this situation, which may not be over, will end as soon as possible, and return to our nostalgic routine.  

It may be difficult for the readers, but I hope you can endure the time safely.  