---
title : Daily, independent publishing
subtitle : Story#202009231615
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - independent publishing
date : 2020-09-23T16:15:11+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1572088688405-2e51af237649?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
After leaving the company and preparing for independent publication, I spend the day satisfied with my changing appearance. Instead of the busy way to change subways and buses, the walking path of Seoul Forest Park, where you take your dogs leisurely every morning, lets you start your day with a new pleasure that you did not normally know. As I went on the road with my dog, I felt the joy of observing and discovering the world with a new look, and as the number of walks increased, nowadays, the pace of the dog's movement has created a space to move.  

Is it the joy of everyday things that can be trivial? The world was full of warm moments as much as the warm spring. The warm eyes that look at someone, the warm sunlight in the morning, and the warm heat radiating through the park on a dark evening. All of the warm energy was nothing that was not beautiful either. These days are also happy to be able to enjoy and share these seemingly trivial warm moments of everyday life.  

Spring, when the warm light is lit, is also the season when love blooms everywhere. As I recalled the memories of meeting and interviewing people as reporters to produce independent publications, I felt that this was just like a relationship. The person information, interests, etc., which I learned in advance to meet someone, made the common conversation a little more natural, and even though I prepared many things to meet the interviewee in the field, an unexpected situation occurred. When I came home after the interview, I looked back at the day and regretted the situation where I made a mistake because I was clumsy, and I was moved at the moment when I received little consideration.  

Nevertheless, the daily life may be more interesting and bright because there are minor incidents that I want to hide in my own secret warehouse. It is also true that the main subject that drives the entire flow of independent publications is mostly the trivial stories that arise from my work. The content was edited because it did not match the direction of the report, but the content was edited because it was not in line with the direction of the report, and the minor conflicts that occurred in relations and communication with people during the coverage process are the main events that unravel my story.  

Maybe a pleasant story that fills our daily life is made of trivial things? It is as if the trivial experiences of the moment become a career to express one person, and the trivial stories gather to become a book. This is why it is difficult for us to neglect everyday trivial things.  