---
title : Daily life, happiness, walking
subtitle : Story#202009231549
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - happiness
 - walking
date : 2020-09-23T15:49:41+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1594172104175-f898a8b17ef3?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Thanks to Corona 19, I climbed the mountain behind the town, which had not been climbed for a while. The congestion of the mountains behind the town where our family often climbs is Bulgoksan, which is located on the border of Seongnam-si (Bundang-gu) and Gwangju-si (Opo-eup), Suji-gu (Jukjeon-dong), Cheoin-gu (Mohyeon-eup) and Gwangju (Opo-eup). At first, I used the 1-hour 30-minute course to take a settlement of Mt. Daeji and return home, but thanks to my wife complaining that the amount of exercise was insufficient, I use a 3-hour course that passes through the top of Mt.  

In the past, when I came down to Bulgoksan, I took the bus and returned home, but nowadays, because of Corona 19, I refrained from boarding the bus, so the time to walk about 20-30 minutes has increased. Even a cup of makgeolli, which I always drank near the Bulgoksan pavilion (shelter), is just passing by with my eyes closed these days, which means that I have lost one of the best things about walking in the mountains behind the neighborhood. When my wife and I quench their thirst with a glass of cool makgeolli, Jun and Kyu used to dip dried anchovies in red pepper paste, which they didn't normally eat.... Children also lost one of their daily fun. Instead, when I go down Bulgoksan, I stop by a convenience store where my wife and I drink cold coffee and the children drink chocolate milk one by one. It is only when you feel the fascinating taste that is comparable to the drink of the gods in Greek mythology, Nectar. I can't forget this taste, so I have to take a break on the next mountain walk in the neighborhood, but I find myself the first to leave the house.  

The Bulgoksan trekking course is also a course that the wife used to exercise when she had a cue with Jun. Now, when four people instead of two walk the course together, I feel new. It is a beautiful picture from a distance. But actually, it's not particularly beautiful when viewed up close. This is because Jun and Q are struggling with each other because they will or will not have each other, and often stop saying they drink water without walking just a few meters. In such a case, my wife, who has a strong triathlete force, is taking the lead. Aung Daung stopped his brother, and he pushed and dragged his brother who said he was going to rest because he was hard.  

Nevertheless, there are not good things one or two when walking a mountain path. Some meet pretty mountainbirds who don't even know their name, or meet woodpeckers pecking trees. Jun was very happy to see the two baby elks alone, and sometimes meets the butterfly that came out first in the warm spring. Although it is part of the section, the young cedar forest is also beautiful, and it is fun to watch the changes of unknown trees in spring. I am very happy that the little joy of daily life is good for the whole family.  

What used to be considered free of course are no longer free. In elementary school, when physical education class was over, anyone could run to the tap and drink tap water naturally, but it has been a long time since the age of buying water has come. The air is still free, but there are also more than one air purifier in each house to make the air cleaner. I feel the moment is coming when we have to seriously think about what we (the Earth) has to pay in return for our comfort. By all means, we only sincerely hope that our children, our children's children, and their children will enjoy the little happiness we feel in our daily lives.