---
title : Basic, everyday
subtitle : Story#202009231559
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Basic
 - everyday
date : 2020-09-23T15:59:52+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1579705745811-a32bef7856a3?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
In the era of YouTube, it is a great and grateful era in which numerous talented people including entertainers share their know-how and contents through videos. With a cell phone, you can easily feel their achievements at any time, cry, laugh, and soak together. However, I often meet people who have fallen into the illusion that they can easily obtain the'daily defaults' they have built up so far.  

The resulting value of the situation I am experiencing and the present is the cumulative value of many factors that I have put in so far.  

The basic values of everything except the body that I inherited through my parents started from the basics of my daily life, and have been accumulating in various forms until now through development and degeneration. The bodybuilder's body, covered with muscles, is the result of having endured decades by holding a metal ball and chewing on the puffy chicken breasts for several hours each day. It's the result of practicing with blood, sweat and tears pouring out every day. As an ordinary office worker, I also exist here now through the results I have accumulated every morning for the past 10 years and after leaving work in the evening.  

How absurd and ridiculous when someone asks me, 'If I go to work 1-2 days a week and work only 1-2 hours a day, can I get recognized and earn a lot of salary?' But I, too, habitually throw such silly questions at someone. Without exercising for only a few days a week, for less than an hour, I was frustrated with 'Why am I not getting better?'...  

You already know very well that the easier it is to build a tower, the faster it will collapse. Keep in mind that there is no other way to achieve your life than to constantly increase your daily defaults.  