---
title : Corruption, fighting, everyday
subtitle : Story#202009231651
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corruption
 - fighting
 - everyday
date : 2020-09-23T16:51:44+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1560575193-c2c9e886aefe?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Reorganized the article written on October 12, 2017.  

On the way home, two boys who appear to be high school students were walking in front of me.  

It was an annoying feeling that I was having a quarrel or that my way of speaking was intense.  

At first, it was a little far away, so I couldn’t hear well  

I heard a rough story.  

It was a story about what the hell was the problem, and that I don't understand this.  

Relatively one person was a bit more intense  

The other wasn't that much, but it was exciting.  

Then a friend with intense emotions  

"Oh No... this is not it, let's go unpack it!"  

I said...  

Something seems like a sign of a fight, so if you two fight, you have to stop it.  

Suddenly I turned the bag I was carrying forward and opened the bag.  

Something dangerous is coming out, so I have to dry it quickly  

I see the friend suddenly pulling out the test paper.  

I didn’t have a momentary judgment so I wanted to know  

The two of them sat by the door of the cell phone store in front of them  

Begins to solve problems... I've had a real short time...  

No matter how dirty I was mistaken, it felt like the ground was going out.  

Looking at the formula, it looks like a math problem.  

I don’t even remember what those friends said after that  

I just walked to catch the bus.  

The children were pure and I felt like I was depraved.  

I have to buy beer on the way.