---
title : Daily life, corona, publication
subtitle : Story#202009231620
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - corona
 - publication
date : 2020-09-23T16:20:34+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1583324113626-70df0f4deaab?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
It has been more than two weeks since I was only at home. All lectures at the institute are not being conducted. There can be no external lectures either. I took a forced vacation. The publication of "Vietnam Small City Tour" has also been postponed. Third, it is really difficult to give birth. March has started, but it is expected to be the same.  

Not only work, but even the smallest routines are out of sync. I applied for the basic barista course for 3 months from February at the local cultural center, but I am closed after taking 3 classes. It's been a long time since I started a class, but it's going to be like this. I was getting PT at the local gym, but I was closed after doing it twice. Everything has stopped.  

That is the time when 'the skill of getting along well with yourself' is needed at home. I started walking through the grand park the day before yesterday. Suddenly, the day became very warm. I still can't go to the gym and I have to walk outside. Even this was noticeable, as it was an atmosphere of refraining from going out if possible. However, it was stuck only at home, so it was stuffy, and I couldn't exercise all the time, so my body was frowned upon. I thought it would be okay if I didn't have a mask because it was open outdoors, but I didn't know if I was wearing it.  

There were not many people walking. Most of them were wearing masks. Oh, it was so uncomfortable to breathe after walking an hour wearing this guy's mask. What is this on a sunny day without fine dust! The inside of the mask was quickly filled with moisture. I didn't know that the day would come to exercise while I couldn't breathe properly. Still, after walking one round, my body and mood are much easier.  

In March, if I have to live a “temporary suspension”, I have to make my mind firmly. Until now, I was waiting, saying that it would be over soon. However, if it will remain the same throughout March, it will be 'daily', not 'temporary'. It might be frustrating, but I wear a mask and walk around the park every day, read and write hard books I bought, eat well, and laugh well. Skills to get along well with yourself. In the middle of waiting for something to come, it is not'rainy' time, but'enough' time by itself. The moment should be like that. Since there is no useless thing in the world, there will be no useless time in life.  

The heaviest and scariest word for me these days is ‘everyday’. The hardest challenge is to live the daily life without much. A few months on a trip is rather easy. Because it's a time full of special. Like the expiration date of milk, you can know how long it is safe. Everyday life is inextricably ending. It's easy to miss, so it doesn't matter if you live well or not. Oops, if you let go of your mind and look back, you're already gone. At first glance, he looks infinitely light, but he is actually heavier. That's why he is really scary. You have to be sensitive but flexible and face to face. Living will be easy if you can handle him.  
