---
title: subway, japan, daily life
subtitle : Story#202009130442
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - subway
 - japan
 - daily life
date : 2020-09-12T19:42:57+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1526311691048-21cc7d75c16c?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I like taking the Japanese subway. It's nice to see all the different houses you can see through the windows and the wide sky above them, and when you pass by the beach or river, you feel as if the subway is running on the water. The inside of the subway is clean and quiet enough to forget who's on it. Of course, this place is packed with people during rush hour, and it's a hellish season, but it's good because it doesn't just keep order or push and push each other and don't blush. The biggest advantage is that you can go to Osaka, Kyoto, and Tokyo (Shinkansen) easily and quickly without driving a car.  

The moment when I take the idle subway, listen to my favorite songs, and look at the Japanese scenery is my favorite time.  

You can often see a train driver at a subway station in Japan, and the way he greets people in neat clothes and walks in a straight line attracts many people's attention. Some people say that if you have a good voice or say something, you will get on the subway at that time. The most impressive moment while using the Japanese subway is when you see a station worker waiting with a connecting leg for a passenger in a wheelchair. It's still a mystery how to wait for the exact location and time, but the appearance of an agent waiting for just one guest always feels warm.  

I rarely take the Corona subway now, but when I go back to my daily life, I just want to take the train and travel far away.  

