---
title: Laika, Daily Life, Feeling
subtitle : Story#202009130411
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Laika
 - Daily Life
 - Feeling
date : 2020-09-12T19:11:35+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1545200866-c0ee61b06ba1?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

It's already Thursday evening without knowing how the week went. Friday in one more day. It feels unrealistic to see how fast time can go. I have a habit of enjoying film photography. It is the habit of keeping photos taken with digital cameras for about a week and then editing them all at once. In the past, photos taken on that day were edited on that day. Because if I do it all at once, I don't want to do it anymore. But you can't request the status quo until you finish a roll of film. As if to develop daily life with digital cameras, we decided to see it after a certain period of time.  

The picture from a week ago... It glitters like yesterday's memory.  

No, this is amazing. It's a normal daily photo as if you're looking at a developed film picture, but every single photo reminds you of memories. The next chapter is filled with excitement as to what other moments might have been.  

Often, when I work, I come next to my seat and do my homework. Sometimes my son who sings while doing his homework gets in the way, but he is so cute that I let him go. Even if you can't concentrate on your work.  

Let's go out, son! My son threw his favorite bait. I'm a homebody, so I don't go out well without bait. However, you are so cute when you smile at the bait.  

When I open my eyes at dawn, the cameras all over my desk welcome me first. Even Fuji X100v's new friend. I gently put a new friend next to Leica M6. You two get along well! A companion who will often fill my bag.  

I suddenly wanted to see the peony, so I bought it at a flower shop. I brought home a girl-like peony, and in half a day I became a tiger. Is it a lion? I glanced at the big peony as if it were a lion mane. Well, that's not how it feels. Where's the rather modest feeling I wanted?  

Ohh! I took the bait again. I'm out with my son!  

Last Monday, when it rained like crazy, I came to the academy building to pick up my son. The academy building is a structure in which the sky is open in the middle of the room. It's really nice to see the rain falling like crazy indoors.  

My son drew a gift for the couple. It's so funny to see a gift in my eyes.  

Although the spelling is wrong, I am very grateful to my son for drawing Laika in detail, which is his favorite. A model with a lyca mounted on a tripod was also placed in a gift box. I know what you like.  

A painting by his son was displayed in front of the art academy. There is iMac on the desk. It's amazing to see my son drawing props here and there. By the way, is the graph behind my sales record? It seems to resemble somewhere. Jagged... laughing for a long time.  

When I see my son eating after Taekwondo, I always take pictures. Enjoy your meal and grow taller!  

The sky cleared up after the rain fell like crazy. I like the sky so clear. How nice would it be to breathe clean air without a mask?  

This time again, I bought roses, dreaming of a modest image. This time, it's a success! My cozy home, happy home, is very pleasant.  

And today. Thursday is the day I get my PT. It gives you a week's energy when you receive it, but it's always hard on side effects. I made a cut by supplementing sugar during the day.  

Apocalypse: Finally, I returned the apocalypse I had borrowed for nearly 15 days to my master. I didn't feel comfortable because I borrowed expensive lenses. I would use my own equipment, but it's a burden because it's someone else's. Nevertheless, it seems that they only mounted apocron almost every day. There are no bad lenses among the Laika lenses, but apocrone is really a monster. It's not just because the lenses are clear. Especially on film, not only the focused part but also the unfocused part of the grains are expressed so beautifully. Sometimes rough and sometimes soft. Now, if only one lens can be used in Laika, I would recommend apocron without hesitation!  

