---
title: habit, daily routine
subtitle : Story#202009130100
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - habit
 - daily routine
date : 2020-09-12T16:00:13+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1576695794150-f8021a5011b0?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

When I get home from work, I say hello to my family and wash my hands in the bathroom right away. And ask your wife, 'How was your day?' Then open the refrigerator. Look in the freezer, in every corner of the freezer. But I don't really take anything out and eat it. It is a routine that automatically develops when the front door is opened in the evening, close to unconsciousness.  

I changed my cell phone last year, and in certain situations, it changes to a set value or has a routine function that runs an APP. So if you turn on GPS and come near your home, the Wifi connection function turns on and the vibration mode switches to the ringtone. I get an alarm when I get near my house or the transfer station. When the vehicle is started (bluetooth to vehicle audio), the navigation app will run and the ability to read text messages will be activated.  

A few years ago, I read an article about 'tiny habit' by Kim Ho, a communications expert. It was a message that it was important to continue with small and trivial actions in order to continue. It's hard to make a habit of running 10 kilometers a day for your health, but it's hard to use stairs to go to work and read papers at home for your expertise, but reading more than one page of books on the subway reduces the burden.(Of course, it's not easy.)   

In fact, I've tried my best for various habits, but I've failed a lot. My habit of reading on the subway was successful, but it was reset on weekends, and I wrote it down in my notebook every morning thinking about it, but after writing a note, it was reset. Recently, I sit at my desk and write after work. It's still pretty successful. She even asked me in the evening, "Daddy, are you done writing today?" A life in which small habits make up a large part of my daily life. So my dream is to live a very efficient and effective life. :)  

