---
title: daily, adult, and consoling
subtitle : Story#202009130138
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily
 - adult
 - consoling
date : 2020-09-12T16:38:15+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1584615608870-6367a2d94238?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---  

The word "everyday" is dull in a way, but on the other hand, it is peaceful.  

The same day that nothing happened. There's nothing to be excited about, but there's nothing to worry about.  

It will be boring if everyday is repeated, but it is also tiring that every day is not.  

It's tiring for everyone to live a life where there's always something to care about, and there's no room to relax because it's dynamic.  

Ironically, however, it does not seem that everyday life is the same for everyone.  

For one, it is a 'peaceful' routine, but for others it is also out of the ordinary.  

There are too many good things for me, but there are too many bad things for Mr. Sasaki. A person's personality doesn't change. Decades ago, he pointed out to me how to cut and cut the size of the wrap, and how to close the lid of the wrap box. Who cares?   

I'm a person with a narrow range of 'everyday life'. If you solve it, even a small thing breaks your peace of mind. By the time I was past my mid-thirties, I was a nervous man. To be exact, it is not particularly generous with small things.  

Although I have often been nominated for the next union leader (regardless of my intention), my heart is often throbbing. My heart thumps "out of use" when I make a phone call, take a medical checkup, and go to the hospital. At first, I thought it was hospital phobia, but it doesn't seem like it. Even if it's not a hospital, it makes my heart race.  

The width of my daily life is about three steps in stride.  

When other things happen, I care, and sometimes I feel bad. "I can't believe I'm doing this today, it's been a long time since I moved to another department," "I don't think it's too much, why I'm sick," "I can't go to the gym today," "I have to worry about this now."  

The anger that one cannot enjoy the same sense of stability as yesterday ruins today.  

However, it was also a daily routine. "What's bound to happen in life." Of course I don't like it, but it's like a bundle of things that everyone's been carrying in different shapes. This came to him in that shape, and to me in this shape.  

So I decided to extend my daily life by a span.  

If you make your daily life a clean area, even a speck of dust will destroy your happiness.  

I want to live today with the solemnity of "Yes, this happened today, it could happen."  

My daily life is safe.  

