---
title: Languages, weeklies, daily life
subtitle : Story#202009130329
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Languages
 - weeklies
 - daily life
date : 2020-09-12T18:29:51+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1534988333262-c455b9332e52?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Put my thoughts on everyday life  

As I live my daily life, I have ideas that suddenly come into my mind. Some ideas seem to be passed on to organ memory, while others are forever volatile. When I think about it, I feel sorry for my disappearing thoughts. Writer Lee Ki-joo captured those moments and opened the book. It would be nice to be read by someone, but it would also be nice to be able to rewatch your own writing and recall those moments, emotions, and thoughts. To sum up, I think it's important to record with my thoughts and feelings without passing any small events, and to be able to see my thoughts on everyday life through the records.  

Reading The Temperature of Language made me feel that I should work harder on writing. From the recent writing to the present writing, many things have overlapped, putting writing behind the priority. As a result, I missed my daily life and my unorganized thoughts. The more things overlap and the more chaotic it is, the more I should have written, the more I should have made up my mind. In that sense, this book made me realize why I liked writing.  

Language must have a counterpart.  

The title of the book is the temperature of the language. While reading the short pieces, I thought about why the title is the temperature of language. Who feels the temperature? I think it's the other person. I don't think language needs to exist if there is no one to understand what language is expressed. The language that the other person must have, how should the language be communicated? The temperature should change depending on the situation. Sometimes you have to be warm, sometimes you have to be cool. Lee Ki-joo, the author, shows these laws through various everyday situations. For example, it expresses a respected person in warm language and shows the temperature of a cold language to a person who causes inconvenience in public.  

The title of this book is to let you know that the language directed to the other party is not just the function of information delivery. Language contains emotions. And the moment you realize that, you're going to think about every word you say, every line of writing, what's the temperature like? What is the temperature of my words and my writing? The temperature I feel will be different from the temperature the other person feels. From now on, I will continue to work hard to use the language of the temperature required by the other person.  

a first-time audiobook  

I had a lot of bus rides these days, so I was thinking about what to do during that time. I couldn't read a paper book, and I don't even want to look at my smartphone. Audio books emerged as an alternative. Since I have heard a lot of positive reviews about audiobooks around me and on the Internet, I installed an application and started subscribing without hesitation. "Temperature of Language" was especially good to listen to in audiobooks. It was easy to listen to and concentrate on short episodes. It felt like someone was telling me the story of today.  

But my thirst for reading has also increased. I think that imagining while reading and imagining while listening are different levels of thinking. Each person's influence feels different. Through this opportunity, I decided to continue my reading activities by utilizing audio books and paper books according to the situation. In a way, we have a good option called an audio book.  

