---
title: daily life,relationship,pencil
subtitle : Story#202009130524
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life 
 - relationship 
 - pencil
date : 2020-09-12T20:24:08+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1510941781581-59620dc6bfdd?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I write whenever I have time every day. I open my notebook, write with a pencil, turn on my laptop and type. Writing is a task of discovering and reinterpreting one's life in the memories of the past or ordinary daily life of living in the present. The past cannot be reversed, so writing soothes the regret I felt at that time. Various writings can be written on events with everyone you meet in your daily life and relationships with things.  

While writing for four years now, I have discovered some correlation between everyday life and writing. To begin with the conclusion, writing on a day when there is joy or joy in daily life is quite lively and lively. Such writings also have the power to revive the depressed mood. On the contrary, writing on a tiring and tiring day due to bad things, such as being scolded by one's boss or having a quarrel with a couple, is quite sharp and sharp.  

When the reader reads this kind of article, he or she also loses energy and becomes depressed. In other words, the writer's feelings are important between everyday life and writing. There is a slight difference between a word that comes out in person and a single text, but the writer's energy is revealed as it is.  

Let's take an example. There is a day when emotions eventually exploded after soothing a child who was not listening to him a few times. Take a deep breath and write to soothe the feeling. Also, the theme is, "Let's write good words for the child, and try to control our emotions." As I write it down, the conclusion ends, "Children are also difficult, and I'm still a clumsy father who can't control my emotions."  

It's hard to force "you have to write good words to your child" when your anger hasn't subsided yet. I tried to write as I first thought, but I felt bad in my daily life, so I couldn't write it as it was, and it became dark.  

This is what acquaintances and fellow writers who have seen what I have written so far say.  

"Now why don't you write something bright and funny instead of these dark words?"  

Whenever I heard this question, I didn't know that my writing was so dark, but I thought a little bit about it and found the answer. As the sum of my daily life that I have lived so far is a heavy and weighed down atmosphere, I often sigh without realizing it. I can't help but feel the same way as the writing itself. Mentors who saw him lecturing told similar stories.  

"It's good inside, but it's weak. It would be better if we were a little bit more energetic."  

I just realized now that the way I look in my daily life becomes my words and writings. My writing is lively and energized only when my daily life is pleasant and happy. The expression itself is colorful. A proper humor code can also cause laughter. I'm trying to change the way I talk and look positively. I want to write more pleasant and happy writings from now on. So that the readers who meet my writing can feel happy together.  

"When I enjoy my daily life, my writing is happy, too."  


