---
title: I am also a writer, interview, daily life, rain.
subtitle : Story#202009130430
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - I am also a writer
 - interview
 - daily life
 - rain.
date : 2020-09-12T19:30:28+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1594466178388-4f628f6a1482?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I failed the interview.  

He said he decided to hire someone else, and that he would like to have another chance next time and work with him.  

It was only a short break from work, so I thought it was enough to fall apart, but I couldn't help feeling sorry for finding a place that suits my heart for the first time in a long time.  

Then I walked every day toward where I originally worked.  

I expected to be eliminated, but falling from where I wanted to hurt anyone.  

Walking with a stuffy heart, the landscape of buildings and cars is very stuffy and even the slightly humid air is unpleasant.  

In addition, when I saw the news that Corona, which had been quiet, was again cloudy, I felt angry and frustrated that the peace that the whole nation had been building with all its might, especially in the country, was broken again.  

My friend says he understands the prickly way of speaking that I didn't even recognize.  

When you look up at the sky while walking, the sky peeps through the dense heads of the building.  

It's not a place with so many buildings, but it's sometimes like a prison for me, born and raised in a place called the countryside.  

The place where the snow stays is the top floor window of the building, at most.  

Then, he suddenly asked himself questions.  

Do you think there's room for me in any of these places?'  

I thought I didn't want to do what everyone else did.  

I didn't want to prepare for the civil service, nor did I want to join the company.  

I asked myself several times, but the answer was consistent, and I didn't want to do it.  

I never thought I was special, but I wasn't confident of fitting myself in a place that didn't suit me.  

Everyone lives like this.  

Even if the reality is like hell, the reality is that you have to cut yourself and fit yourself in. Even if it's hard, we're the ones who do the difficult things. We know all the hard things.  

I haven't broken that obstinate stubbornness that I must find what I want to do yet.  

That doesn't mean there's anything I want to do.  

Ever since I was a child, my mom and dad have said that they want me to live freely.  

I wish I could live freely and happily, not as a public servant.  

'How's the diplomat?  

My mother asked me seriously when I was young.  

When asked what a diplomat is, my mom told me that if I become a diplomat, I can travel around the world.  

I didn't know when I was young, but now that I think about it, I think the answer was really attractive.  

It would have been the job that most matched the direction of life my mom and dad wanted me to have.  

It's not that I haven't thought about the job at all.  

I've known about the Foreign Service Examination, but not everyone became a diplomat, and I was so surprised to see my cowardly bowl that I gave up.  

As a result, I am still wandering, and I asked my mom to give me that common gift on Parents' Day, so I got five books as a gift.  

I just got a text that the books arrived.  

Mom seems to have bought another book since then.  

Regardless of whether you read a book that your mom recommends or not, it's a good gift to receive.  

The dry atmosphere is wet with moisture.  

The mountains and the mountains were also worried about the large fire, but I hope that the rain that is falling now may have damped their throats a little.  

Recently, yellow pine nuts have been in trouble again.  

I wanted to ventilate all day to get some good air, so I opened the window one day, went out in the evening, and came back, and I haven't left the window open since the day I cleaned the floor, the table and things all day, but it's raining.  

You can leave the door open as much as you want today.  

The smell of rain is coming up.  

A damp, squishy smell, the smell of rain. The smell of grass.  

The floor is filled with pools of water mixed with yellow powder.  

After the rain, the dry and cloudy atmosphere will be moist and refreshing.  

In this pouring rain, a lady who reads city gas goes from house to house.  

Originally, when an unknown person pressed the bell or knocked on the door, he was holding his breath in fear, but today I opened the door immediately because I didn't want to let him walk twice.  

While she was checking the gas and boiler, she hurriedly packed a small bag of soy milk and some snacks and candies.  

He told me everything was okay, and I was in a hurry, and he was like, "It's raining like this, and you're having a hard time. It's not much, but at least eat this. Have a good day.'  

How much I wanted to use honorifics would I have said it would rain?  

Even after the aunt left, she laughed back and laughed to herself, 'It's raining.'  

I hurriedly opened the book that arrived.  

The book smells good. It smells good.  

I like the smell of books and rain, the sound of rain, the sound of music, and the dark Saturday afternoon.  

I need to read some books.  

