---
title: painting, daily life, world
subtitle : Story#202009130635
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - painting
 - daily life
 - world
date : 2020-09-12T21:35:15+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1532168881420-27ec4ba493a6?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I took a rest from painting for about 3 days.  

I wasn't feeling well.  

I couldn't move as if I had several weights on my body.  

"unexplained" emotion  

There is usually no joy or sorrow.  

Not pleasant, not sad, not lonely.  

Just a world of nothing  

Of course, the news that the child was hurt or brutally abused,  

a player who was a rising star in the late Ironman race who had no choice but to groan inwardly.  

The late Mayor Park Won-soon's question of whether or not a causal relationship is established these days.  

It all became stuffy steam, and it went up into the sky and filled the night sky with acrid smoke.  

be very uncomfortable to breathe  

Tears don't flow from my eyes,  

feel stuffy in the chest  

The frustrating reason is that there is a solution, but it is not a problem that can be solved in a short time.  

I thought it'd be easier to live in the world.  

I live close to Sinchon, where line 3 passes.  

(Other: Because of neon signs!!) What's the use of it? You don't even go out of the house!!!)  

Yeah, I'm fine.  

I'm not going to the countryside. Yeah, I'm out.  

Anyway, we talked about it a little bit, but we couldn't draw for three days on this and that.  

So I did draw 2-3 of them today.  

While I was painting, I felt sadness and frustration that I couldn't understand the cause.  

It almost poured out like a waterfall.  

I didn't cry, either. I think I held it in.  

But I felt strange,  

It was such a shame that my face was blown away with all the joy and sorrow.  

Maybe he's trying to come back.  

Or maybe I'm in a bad situation.  

My dad asked me what my next goal was.  

I said no.  

Something irresistible is standing in the way.  

I can't see what I'm after right now.  

I hid myself somewhere.  

I feel awkward, too.  

You look like this.  

Someone told me not to be in a hurry.  

Two years is a time when I've done a tremendous amount of work.  

That's why you're so embarrassed and distressed.  

I think the hardest part is to say, "Live wisely.  

No textbooks. Why are there so many emergencies?  

If you don't make a mistake in the middle, middle, or low grades,  

I think I really want to blow up Pohang Iron & Steel Co.  

So I'm going to make these threats.  

I sit quietly in my room.  

floating stone  

It looks like Harubang is about to turn into Harubang.  

But in the meantime, my mischief never goes away.  

