---
title: daily, consoling, dating
subtitle : Story#202009130206
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily
 - consoling
 - dating
date : 2020-09-12T17:06:22+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1577682760849-74d78f5206c3?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

You barely got home after 9 p.m., and you told me you had only a couple of hours to rest. I don't know what life is. I wonder if life ends after it repeats like this.I choked up as soon as I heard that. I was so sad to see you smile even though you look exhausted. I can't get used to you even if I see you tired often.Is it possible for you to answer the big question that you've put out when you don't even mention yourself? I just hugged you tightly. Good work, good work, and I wanted to comfort you, and you didn't have time to sit down, and now that you're home, put everything down and take a good rest. I held all those words in my arms, hugged you tightly and stroked you gently. Yeah, why do daily lives, which are neither comfortable nor easy, repeat without knowing the end? Will there ever be a time when we are given enough rest? I always told you I'd let you quit the company if I won the lottery. I'm serious, but I can't show you my true feelings because I can't win the lottery. I'd have to at least console him, muttering words that didn't work. Our repetitive daily lives are the power to sustain our happiness. If Corona had caused us to lose this tedious routine, what would have happened to us now? We also said that we enjoy more than the kings of the Joseon Dynasty.It looks no better in writing. I can't believe they're all words. But you said thank you for comforting me with a more relaxed expression. I'm more grateful to you for saying that you were comforted by me. I've been keeping track of my daily life on the phone application Daisy since February on the subway to work. It's true that our daily lives are repeated tirelessly, and we always smile with similar expressions. I go to bookstores, the Han River, go to exhibitions, drink beer, and roll around in my room all day long.  

I always thank you in writing that all these miraculous happiness comes from your daily life. Thank you always and thank you. I'm rooting for you. I hope my support doesn't drive you. You can run away if you're tired. I can't feed you one. And you. First of all... I buy a lotto today.  

