---
title: travel, daily life, life
subtitle : Story#202009130357
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - travel
 - daily life
 - life
date : 2020-09-12T18:57:08+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1460627390041-532a28402358?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Lying in the desert, I thought, watching the stars pouring all night long. Even if the rest of my life didn't go as I wanted, I was comforted enough not to feel unfair. After all, what was left at the end of the trip was neither fluent English nor a wonderful second life plan. It was nothing but an empty bank account and this kind of gratitude. But that was enough. When I felt grateful, my body naturally began to prepare to go back to Korea.  

I became eager to eat Korean food and talked with my friends in Korea every night. I was wondering if the clothes in the closet were doing well or if the shoes in the shoe rack were doing well. The local cafe I used to go to often still remains, but what is happening in Korea these days? When I was curious about my daily life in Seoul, I bought a ticket to Korea.  

Time has passed and it has already been 10 years since I stayed in Seoul. Although he has been traveling outside of Korea, he still has his livelihood and residence in Seoul. I'm always ready to go out, so I think I'm staying in Seoul for a long time. Most people think that once they travel freely, they will have a clear answer to the question of their previous lives. In my case, however, the fundamental questions did not come up with an answer simply because time went by. Rather, life after returning from the trip was much more important. I learned more in the process of doing my best to keep the energy I gained from traveling from my daily life. Learning was every moment of summoning travel in everyday life. The moment of the journey was a great teacher of everyday life. That's why I started publishing a series of "Life on a Journey" in Brunch. To continue living in Seoul as a traveler without being immersed in reality.  

These articles, which won the gold prize in the 3rd Brunchbook Project, came to the world as a book titled "The World's Longest Trip." Thank you.  

