---
title: Marriage, Daily Life, Essay
subtitle : Story#202009130508
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Marriage
 - Daily Life
 - Essay
date : 2020-09-12T20:08:33+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1546187780-a60dba54e453?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I got married after a short relationship. I have spent more than a hundred and fifty days with my wife creating a daily life of marriage. In my daily life after dating, I could not find time to watch or step back and observe the relationship and the problems that my wife and I had created. It was the reason why writing, which he started to make a good relationship, stopped ironically as he prepared for marriage and made a daily life of marriage.  

The problems that had to be solved to get married came to me day after day. Preparing for the wedding was a time when the worldviews of each other gathered together to create pleasant memories with the process of creating various colors and shapes. But it was never the time to be happy on its own. In order to take root in happiness in daily life and changed life, there were many things to coordinate with each other, make decisions on their own, and wait until the other person's decision. Fortunately, my wife and I were able to manage the problem ahead. And in spite of the difficulties, I was able to start my daily life of marriage with a little joy.  

But even after the wedding, I still couldn't find a "gap" to breathe. Straight away, I had to make the next decision and make it again. Of course, the change in my life, which changed almost simultaneously with marriage, also helped to avoid "gaps." A month after the wedding, the honeymoon was a time to take a breath, but it was not the time to think. Continuing my daily life, it was a few months when I had a hard time breathing.  

Looking back on the past few months, there have been similar words of repetition between my wife and I. And on my way to work today, I thought over what we said, and what we still say to each other. with deeper breathing than usual In the end, they were all words of "desire" to each other.  

When we want something, we think of something that is necessary (needs) to maintain the basic conditions of our lives. Safety of the body and mind, some money, etc. are included. And beyond necessity, he inevitably brings out the desire of the environment surrounding him or society to move in a better direction as a member of the people. It is not very narrow, it means finding the direction that everyone likes and thinks is right, and making progress toward it.  

I wondered what I had in mind the 'wind'. And I wondered what the wind meant to my wife, and if it could reach forward. I wondered if I could contribute to a better daily life or to shake up our long-established relationship.  

"While we remember something, something else is happening to each of us," said Ludwig Wittgenstein. In my and my wife's past life, I would like to find out what was there, and what I was missing besides what I remember. So I want to find a way to make sure that there is no sorrow or anger in me or in my wife because of the life I choose. So I'm going to write again and again from now on.  

