---
title: Corona, Daily Life, Mask
subtitle : Story#202009130455
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - Daily Life
 - Mask
date : 2020-09-12T19:55:42+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1588519498093-3543cfc82441?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

No one could predict. Things really like movies are happening in real life.  

They line up to buy masks, some countries run out of merchandise, and some countries are busy leaking false information or inciting people to hide their mistakes. Human beings thought they were completely liberated from the "bacterials," but as much as humans evolved, they evolved as well. The Korona crisis, which had wanted to break down in early March, began to spread again with a pseudo-group at the forefront, and now it has spread out of control. As a result, stock prices have plummeted, and not only the ecosystem of self-employed people, but also numerous economic players have been damaged. There are countless times to watch the desperate situation, which may end at any moment.  

But the problem is that the power of the individual can't help this damn situation. What do you believe in in a world where you pray to God to overcome this situation and return as an infected person, and how can you get out of it?  

I want to find an answer to him in everyday life.  

We must have taken the daily routine before the Corona crisis as a matter of course. But if you think about it now, what do you think? Ordinary daily life was more than just a gift given to us every day. Didn't we overlook such facts and waste our daily lives in vain? Then, how should I manage my daily life? I divided my own methods of him into four.  

1. Let's make a plan for the day first.  

If you only want time to pass anyway, let's have a more perfect day. Read at least ten pages of the brick book you've put off, and fill it up so that you can feel a sense of accomplishment for a day, whether you're applying for a writing course or a real estate course using various platforms. Rather than being frustrated, I am looking for my own way to actively tackle the situation.Let's fill our daily schedule with a new mind by writing a copy of the Tudu list or notes that we've been eyeing.  

2. Confirm your daily-to-do list.    

Check your schedule at the end of the day and take a close look at the day with a reflective attitude to see if there was anything missing and what needs to be improved. You'll see how much time I've wasted scrolling through YouTube or Instagram. And if you make good use of that spare time, I bet we can be better people.  

There's a saying, 'Late effect.' The term means that if you save a cup of coffee after a meal, you can accumulate more than you expect in the future. Latte effect does not necessarily mean that it will be applied to financial technology. It is also a great help in shaping our habits.  

3. Let's look back on the relationship.  

Stephen Jobs left this message before he died. All I can take is not the wealth I have accumulated, but the memories of love overflowing. Let's leave warm greetings to our precious people that we've missed in our daily lives. If there is anyone who has been delaying contact with you for one excuse or another, let's say hello under the pretext of Corona. The reason why most human relationships have become estranged is because of the ambiguous time to contact them.  

4. Let's manage our eating habits.  

There are three factors that determine health. Genes, exercises, eating habits. Let's exclude genes and check your eating habits if you're in an ambiguous situation to exercise. It is important to remember that what we eat is not just individual desires or desires. It is formed by the amount and price of food we receive and the story of food injected through advertising.'  

In our minds, we think that healthy food (vegetables or fruits) should be eaten regularly, but in the Internet world we encounter every day, advertisements for countless foods make us confused. Wouldn't it be a great opportunity to check your eating habits now that health and immunity issues have emerged?  

Time is the only thing to rely on in this situation. You just have to hope that time goes by, and be careful not to run into the infected with luckily. But I don't like that passive attitude. In order to maintain the best condition in these situations, you must manage your daily routine well.  If there are people who are frustrated or depressed, they should look at this article and be ready to get back to normal. There is no time to waste with complaints! Either way, this shit will pass and spring will surely come. We must be ready for spring.  

