---
title: Writing, Daily Life, Comfort
subtitle : Story#202009130245
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Writing
 - Daily Life
 - Comfort
date : 2020-09-12T17:45:45+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1455390582262-044cdead277a?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Just this time last year.  

I was looking at two of my colleagues going to the Sabbath before me.  

It was swollen in a dream.  

Will I be able to walk the pilgrim's path next year?  

Of course, I'm just saying that I have to stay in this job.  

The premise was supposed to be maintained.  

with some kind of unexpected expectation.  

I don't know if I was able to pass the next year.  

(On second thought, it's kind of a conjecture that I've had a year because of the sabbatical. -_-;;)  

Anyway, in my imagination, my Sabbath month...  

It was another me leaving my daily life behind an exotic landscape.  

of the people who went there first.  

When you hear the hepatic vapour(?),  

The ears and eyes used to be tempting.  

I'm told that my feet are all swollen and burnt.  

on an endless road  

The backpack on my shoulder is full of muscle.  

The advice to lighten the load as much as possible,  

I thought I wouldn't forget even if I tried to.  

A year has passed and a really sabbatical has come to me.  

However, I am not in Spain but in Korea.  

Jeju Island flies away in an hour from Seoul  

It became a 'distant place'.  

And the radius of activity.  

Usually within a kilometer.  

Only one day was within the range of five kilometers.  

It was about 21 kilos from home to work.  

in less than half the circle  

This means that he spent the first week of sabbatical month.  

half of oneself, half of others  

One-fourth of the ruler, three-quarters of the others.  

It's an unavoidable situation, so I'm taking it.  

Today is Monday, the 8th day of sabbatical!  

My brother who works at home,  

Even her holiday mom.  

The whole family was gathered at home.  

In the morning, a plate of vegetables, boiled eggs,  

And you wanted to use the acid to get rid of the fridge.  

Korean beef bulgogi was served in abundance.  

(With the disaster relief fund, the mother is not a son or wife in a long time.  

He also measured the bulgogi made of Korean beef to his daughters.)  

I've had no appetite since morning.  

Because of the daughter's nagging,  

Eventually, the bulgogi rice bowl became my mom's food.  

after a leisurely breakfast together  

Do you enjoy a cup of light coffee?  

with a leisure that is seldom felt on Mondays  

Everyone was good.  

I'm thinking about drinking coffee and what to do today.  

The household items that my mom said she had something to buy since yesterday,  

It just occurred to me that a dead apple.  

Mom, shall we go grocery shopping?  

Shall we? Can we?  

Yes, I go early in the morning in time for the opening of the mart. There won't be anyone. Hand washing and mask good time to time you'll be fine.  

Shall we go then?  

After the noise from the corona,  

Other than your designated destination for work,  

He's never been there.  

You see church services online.  

You're being careful and careful.  

On the pretext of daily necessities and fruits that we really need today,  

A little bigger circle.  

I thought you wanted to draw it.  

Just buy what you need and make a note of what you buy so you can get out of here quickly.  

I don't know. My mom, who even packed plastic gloves.  

He looked excited for some reason.  

Fortunately, the weather was fine.  

We walked two bus stops.  

The next five stops are by bus.  

I went to the mart.  

Getting on and off the bus, and in the mart,  

Every time I see hand sanitizers all over the place,  

Washed and washed repeatedly.  

My mom and I only have fruits and imported beef,  

Lactopri milk, cereal-like food products,  

Like a bathroom toilet cleaner and a small trash can.  

All I had to do was buy some small necessities of life,  

moved more carefully than ever.  

We shared heavy shopping carts and took a taxi.  

I'm coming home.  

In the sky, out of the window, my mother in the back seat.  

He exclaims to himself with admiration.  

Wow, clouds are like cotton candy. You're so pretty.  

You're right, Mom. The sky is really pretty today.  

This one taxi driver who gave us a ride,  

From the side of the road to the front of the house on Seongnam-daero  

Getting out of a rough, narrow alley.  

I don't know if you're uncomfortable or nervous.  

It's not a one-way street. You're driving like this.  

Looking at cars parked close on both sides of the road,  

You were grumbling,  

Mom and I didn't care.  

I hear this every time I take a taxi.  

It's a problem we can't help.  

I think it's gonna be annoying, and it's gonna take a long time to complain.  

It's been a while since I quit.  

In the meantime, I have sympathized with him a few times.Go.  

From the entrance of my neighborhood to the front of my house.  

I don't know why the curse of the wrong parking in this town.  

Because I seemed to have heard everything.  

Crucially, there is no car in my house. Ha ha.  

My mom and I are not talking about the driver.  

I was drunk in the sky, clouds, and the weather.  

After lunch, in the afternoon,  

Iced coffee that was taken out of the local cafe.  

sharing a drink with my brother  

My brother works for the company,  

I write miscellaneous articles and try new things these days.  

He also painted an oil pastel.  

Mom, it's been a long time since I've been in the morning.  

I'm not sure you're tired of being nervous.  

He lay on the couch in the living room and took a short nap.  

Open all the windows of the house.  

I felt good because I felt cool through the wind.  

I'll open a folding table in my room with my brother.  

With our big windows wide open,  

There's a cup of cool coffee next to the laptop.  

There was a touch of home cafe atmosphere.  

I guess there's a Starbucks in my neighborhood, too.  

It's a small town, so there's no regular Starbucks here.  

I felt like I was at a cafe when I decorated it.  

Plus, you're dressed in a world-class suit.  

You can do "work, rest, and eat" in one place.  

It was good.  

When the midday sun falls directly overhead,  

with the top of the head heated up  

I think I'll make fried eggs.  

Turn a little bit, sit out of the way.  

I liked the feeling of being disinfected by the sun all the way to the corner of the room.  

I slept really well, how long have I slept?  

Mom woke up from a nap.  

He came to our room with lion hair and turned into a cafe.  

He stretched himself with a refreshed look.  

And, Mom, wash some seedless grapes that she's been grocery shopping for today.  

You brought the water with you.  

The three of us ate snacks around a small table.  

It's so small, two or three pills in one mouth.  

enough grape grains to put in  

We had a smooth conversation, biting each other things.  

From my canceled trip to Jeju,  

Even the story of my family's trip to Yeosu during the Chuseok holiday.  

The trip that I couldn't go and the trip that I had to go.  

sharing regret, relief, and expectation  

I promised 'That time'.  

If it's on schedule, tomorrow, right now,  

I was supposed to leave for Jeju,  

I canceled it dramatically last night, and I was pushed back by that much.  

It was a trip to Jeju.  

Family members, to be exact, the mother's conciliation and possibly the case.  

I got to "cancel" the trip,  

It wasn't a groundless rumor.  

The hotel where the confirmed guests stayed on the news yesterday,  

The hotel I reserved, and only 700 meters,  

So it's 10 minutes on foot.  

They're very close, and their movements are also very close.  

Because it was a bright tourist attraction in Jeju.  

That's a relief, if you were in a travel destination and heard such news, you would have been anxious and worried, so you would have gone on a proper trip. I appreciate it.  

My brother's been out of work for half an hour.  

I left the room after work.  

I'll finish the scribbling early on.  

I organized the receipt that I bought today with my mom.  

She's got red beans, all kinds of beans, corn, and pine nuts.  

While I was making the nutritious meal,  

I have 2 packs of imported bulgogi marinated in the sauce.  

Put plenty of mushroom, onion, and minced garlic.  

Add soy sauce seasoning and stir-fry it sizzle.  

My brother went to a small supermarket in the neighborhood.  

I bought a plate of eggs from the grocery store in the morning.  

Half-rice, half-bean, half-priced rice.  

It's a nutritious food that my mom is greedy for and proud of.  

Now the white rice out there is too bland.  

I can't eat it because it's so bad.  

It's a meal and a dish that shows such confidence.  

the sizzling sound of meat and vegetables ripening;  

And a delicious smell comes out of the house.  

When we're done with our work, our room cafe is in the office.  

Turns into a real cafe.  

I turned up the list of pop masterpieces.  

With a palm-sized bluetooth speaker.  

There's a series of songs I know.  

Don't stir-fry bulgogi and run to the sunset scene.  

singing along to the blending old pop,  

I was in a good.  

