---
title: newsletter, daily life, daily life
subtitle : Story#202009130604
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - newsletter
 - daily life
date : 2020-09-12T21:04:57+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1555421689-d68471e189f2?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

When you think of an "unusual" day, what memories do you have?These days, everyday and unusual things are getting confused in earnest. In the past, the small moments that are too common to be obvious are the unusual scenes that surprise you these days. Last weekend, I was watching the movie "Ave's Cooking Diary," and I was surprised to see the main character picking up ingredients with his bare hands and picking up cooking utensils from a shared kitchen. These days, when any daily life is difficult to sustain, I try to make sure that my life is not too repetitive, too monotonous, and that I meet new and unfamiliar moments for myself. How are the children? Are you living with a different time than yesterday, a different space from home or school, a different person from me, and a different story from the content you've seen often? This month's SEE SAW tells the story of architects, operators, and project managers who try to get kids to meet everyday spaces, people, and content.What is the most unusual place among the spaces that fill my daily life and my child's daily life these days? Is there anyone you've met recently who left a strong impression because they were so different from me? What content did you like because it's unfamiliar even though it's not something I usually see?  

