---
title: Corona, shipping, daily life
subtitle : Story#202009130538
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - shipping
 - daily life
date : 2020-09-12T20:38:12+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1588915102917-50d5841172c3?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Precious values are hard to realize without its absence. Although she grew up suffering from SARS, MERS, and swine flu, this is the first time that she has felt fear of being directly infected. I may be insensitivity to safety, but when MERS broke out in the middle of Seoul, I thought it had nothing to do with me. If it was selfish, it was a very selfish idea. Corona is a virus that has a lower fatality rate and a much stronger infection than it did during the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome. The number of confirmed cases has increased day by day, and the media reports on Corona all day. Crucially, what makes Corona feel different from MERS is that the daily lives that I thought were very trivial and natural have disappeared. College students, faculty and professors are conducting cyber lectures to prevent infection as much as possible, and stories are popping up that everyone can't laugh at as they try to adapt to their first system. Elementary, middle and high schools have postponed the opening of schools, and the number of telecommuting jobs that are totally out of place in Korea, which boasts high labor intensity, has also begun to increase. On the other hand, as people don't leave their homes, delivery and delivery work are said to have increased than usual.  

Due to the global disaster, their usual similar daily lives have disappeared. It may be a good routine for someone who has never experienced telecommuting and working less hours, but for someone, it has become a daily routine that has changed to a much higher level of debt and a much higher intensity of labor than usual. It is not easy to say that the daily life changed because of the corona is not bad because there are people who are confirmed to be a confirmed person, people who passed away with confirmed family members, and people who have lost their lives in their daily lives, which have not been confirmed yet. I also find it hard to speak in front of others while looking at the positive aspects of cyber lectures. The Corona crisis is ongoing, but the daily flow of news articles and the social phenomena caused by the virus makes me confused. Those who donate masks to those who need them most in a national disaster situation, and those who sell masks that they bought at high prices. People who justify the creation of a hateful atmosphere and hate speech because the origin of the virus is China. And conservative media that reproduce and report on hate agendas.  

Since the origin of the virus was China, it has been quite predictable. People who originally hated ethnic Koreans and Chinese would have attacked them because of this, and white supremacists in Europe are also abhorring and violent towards Asians. In my case, prejudice against religious people was reproduced and confirmed bias was strengthened. In the case of Shincheonji, when the situation calmed down, I thought, "Shouldn't we start an investigation at the national level?" The government advised people not to hold weekend services and meetings, but as a preventive measure for the administration, they sprayed salt water on their mouths and worshiped, resulting in more than 40 confirmed Christians. However, it seems that most of the fanatical Christians, including Shincheonji, are not powerful and treated in the social class, but those without even power and material capital, so I am worried about how to view them. The most punished and criticized are the swindlers who took money from them and propagated them. At the center of the fendemic situation caused by Corona, the "Christian" people who unintentionally assist them look back on what "religion" is in Korea today and in 2020.  

I should also write sad news that I saw yesterday. A Coupang driver in his 40s died during a logistics delivery, and the article said that the rapidly increased volume caused by the Corona incident drove him to overwork. There are comments that support Coupang because they only order half of other people's supplies when they're new. I saw a lot of recommendations on the comment that said he was an incumbent Coupang man and that he was not a hard worker enough to die while working. I even saw sarcastic comments about whether Coupang applied for the program knowing that it was a place where he worked. Of course, I should take into account that the portal I read is the most popular and conservative in Korea, but I was appalled and angry that I said such things to the dead and that there were quite a few recommendations. "Even if Coupang pays as much as its labor intensity as other companies, isn't rocket delivery and early morning delivery honestly necessary?" I still firmly think. Online purchase is cheaper than offline because there is a disadvantage of delivery time, and shouldn't buyers take that into account? From the buyer's point of view, the faster the delivery, the more satisfying it is, but most people who have used the delivery service in Korea would know that the more Coupang men deliver it at dawn and don't have time to eat. Yeah, well, if you've ever done rocket shipping, there's a lot more people who prefer the convenience of rocket delivery to those who agree with me. From the perspective of the company, it is a much more competitive system than other companies, so it will continue to be used. If people think Coupang men's right to be human is more important than the pleasure of receiving things on the day and the next day, they will have time to go to the bathroom, have time to eat, and create a workplace for courier workers who are free from the threat of drowsy driving.  

