---
title: Daily life, essay, reading
subtitle : Story#202009130618
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - essay
 - reading
date : 2020-09-12T21:18:01+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1523500022518-803c5b2bd10b?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

The first thing I thought of when I saw the title was minimal life. They seem to be living a simple daily life with little money and little money. Of course, it wasn't the opposite of what I thought. The writer tried to live a simple life, and made simple choices to be happy in it. I was attracted to the idea that there was something simpler than the previously written minimal life books.  

It shows the pursuit of minimality in its surroundings, or in its own luggage, plus finding a balance between daily life and happiness and toward the earth and the universe. It wasn't done in a day, but it was said to have groomed itself very slowly. After that, I learned for myself that a person can change enough depending on what direction he or she takes. If you want to change your life, try to live a balanced daily life with a firm direction in your life. And I'd like to recommend this book for those who want to be.  

The table of contents of the book, I liked the flow. 1. A minimalist. Show yourself in relation to trivial daily life. And 2. You can see that the one style is concise but the taste is definitely alive. 3. Through the future body and mind, it shows not only the external part but also the inner part and the mental health. 4. Working a little light made me look back. I give courage to work a little light, to do what I like, and do what I can in the midst of my lack of energy to do in my own room after coming to work. 5. A short intellectual play, endless intellectual craving, shows a constant effort for oneself. They say that the effort is not far into the future, but to be faithful here, now. 6. Getting along with the world in my own way shows a small taste of an individual that others don't understand. For example, someone who doesn't drink coffee tells you what they think about tea. Whether I'm not drinking, not drinking, or not drinking, I wanted to give a ray of support to the image of a sympathetic person. I'm doing well, so you too. In the epilogue, the overall content of the book, the basis of the ten ideas that have created the least taste, is told. For those who have read books, you can read them lightly by organizing them.  

The prickly part of me was to define my bank account balance and the current situation. I was attracted to material goods, and thought that I would be happy only if I owned them as mine. But owning and having is just a shell, and it made me rethink what I really want. Not everyone is like that, but the premise is when I become myself. People can die at any time, but the way to respect me to the last minute is through the process of living with a healthy body and thoughts." I lived with respect for myself today. Or, as time dictates, you look back on whether you lived a life that depreciates by being driven only by desire.  

Depending on the individual who reads the book, the book may be out of reach because it is similar to other minimal life-defining books. It is also personal taste. But would it be understandable if there was a slight shake in my attitude to live tomorrow after reading this book? I felt that. This book is an opportunity for me to think about many things because I like only one field of books.  

A sentence in the heart of a dreary unemployed man.  

6p. Of course, it didn't happen overnight, but he trimmed me very slowly. After that, I learned for myself that a person can change enough depending on what direction he or she takes. If you want to change, you have to live differently from the past. I'm just in the process of living, too.  

23p. It is my choice to be happy to know the joy of going out to eat in the sun, not in the dark corner.  

184p. My mental strength was weak to handle stress. The avoidance of the name of understanding and the theorem, which means accepting rather than hitting with all my might, were the levels of stress I could handle when someone or an incident occurred to me. I've lived up to me like that.  

188p. Everything I've decided to face and recognize is a situation I've interpreted. It was me who decided to remain in a pitiful state after falling into the narrative of myself who failed at the time, even though there was no trace left in my life. I know, but when you know you can't get away from it, you have to wait for the small movie-like coincidence that life will bring. It is often said that time will solve the problem for the distressed, but given a long time does not mean that all problems disappear neatly. The time until we find a single trigger to look at the problem from a new perspective. I can never be free from the emotions that plague me in a small way until then.  

217p. Like the main character in the movie "Midnight in Paris," who said that the present is always frustrating and yearning for another era.  

251p. I decided not to talk about solitude while doing nothing between people. So it's a shame that I can do anything to keep craving for someone's interest and affection and to be in a similar feeling of despair.  

