---
title: Daily life, diary, monthly salary
subtitle : Story#202009130155
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - diary
 - monthly salary
date : 2020-09-12T16:55:09+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1583316174695-0ac0e74c68cf?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I got my first salary from my new job.  

It is the first time in seven and a half years that he has received a decent salary. It seems to be quite a sum, but there is no money left in the bank account. Even considering the initial cost of settlement, the spending is larger than expected. The budget will not come out well in the future.  

The biggest thing is to pay back the loan you borrowed to get a house. Even if the repayment period is set and paid off, more than half of the monthly salary is lost. Even if we find a rental house in Sejong, we don't know how everyone lives in Seoul.  

In addition to loans, there are various fixed expenditures. Adding insurance premiums, childcare expenses, management expenses, and telecommunication expenses, parents' allowance that they have not been able to pay, and various donations that are hard to stop, there is really little left.  

It is ridiculous to say why prices are so expensive when you go grocery shopping, even if you don't pick up a few, it costs more than 100,000 won. Neither luxury nor hoarding can further reduce spending.  

While matching my monthly income and spending, I thought so.  

"You've really lived in peace."  

My peers have been thinking about it for a long time, and now I'm starting. I have been living by doing what I want to do while ignoring my house, saving, and parents' pocket money. I lived pretty hard when I was out, and I didn't know because I had some hardships, but I think I was the most comfortable.  

I feel like I've returned from my dream to reality. It is more difficult to live faithfully in everyday life than to cry out for justice. And important values are usually made in everyday life.  

Wouldn't it be the most important value in my life to faithfully fulfill the duties given by the company, raise a child healthily, spend the money I earned properly, send sponsorship where I need it, and build a normal life for others?  

I'm growing up in Korea.  

It was a bit whining, but I know it's full. I hope you understand that we all have our own problems.  

