---
title: New York, Corona, Daily Life
subtitle : Story#202009130301
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - New York
 - Corona
 - Daily Life
date : 2020-09-12T18:01:27+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1576268639577-04ebf8f97c49?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

A citizen living in Manhattan is also worried about his way to work today. It's been two years since I've lived in Midtown, but I didn't know taking the elevator every day was this hard. Wearing a mask and wearing nitrile gloves on the way to work, people start to enter the narrow elevator one by one. If you barely get out and try to get on the subway, there are few people, but you are worried about when you will be exposed to the virus. I don't see the sandwich shop staff who used to go every day at lunchtime, so when I'm worried that I might be a confirmed person, I'm worried about my way home. On the way home on Uber, I am worried that the Uber driver might be a carrier.  

In the past two weeks alone, New York City has had about 190,000 people tested for coronavirus infections. New York Mayor Blazio said he would respond by increasing the number of inspectors by 1,000. In addition, considering the characteristics of New York City, which has a high population density housing type, city hotels or temporary housing facilities will be provided for cases in which people who have been confirmed to have had contact with infected persons appear to be impossible to self-price in the home.  

Despite the city's aggressive efforts, a majority of organizations expected it to take some time before the city is normalized. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo's schedule for resuming the state's economy also said it was the most difficult challenge for New York City. The office said it has contacted owners of the New York Knicks and other people from all walks of life to seek advice on how to revive the city's economy.  

Experts advised that New York has become the epicenter of the nation's pandemic, arguing that it is virtually difficult to return to the pre-catastrophe until it solves the problems that big cities have. Much of New York City's economy is related to the travel industry, and its population density is also relatively high, making it vulnerable to epidemics. Moreover, as the shortage of medical facilities, including decompression sickness rooms, in New York City after the Korona crisis, is clearly revealed, the issue of expanding medical institutions in the process of normalization is expected to be discussed as an important supplementary measure.  

A New York City official said, "It is true that control is currently good against the highest point, but we are well aware that the increase in the number of deaths and new patients is still not decreasing." Accordingly, New York City's economic resumption will be carried out under close cooperation with the state government.   

  

