---
title: daily life,travel,routine
subtitle : Story#202008222246
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life
 - travel 
 - routine
date : 2020-08-22T13:46:26+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1512163310901-a1be5c2e66b5?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

One topic a month. The theme of August is Half Independence Diary. It's a story about leaving the house where she lives with her family and traveling alone while keeping her daily routine. This is the routine I've been following for the last two months. Walking 10,000 steps every day, doing yoga for an hour. Drink coffee down. Two hours of writing. Do daily routines feel different at travel destinations? The first day of the trip certainly feels different.  

I wrote a lot about the movie "The Little Princess" while I was working on writing movies. Miso in "The Little Princess" is a city where one glass of whiskey and cigarettes a day instead of a house is satisfying. I didn't really want to live like her, but somehow I remember her a lot in my life these days. Of course, compared to his life, I'm not so cinematic and I'm bland. The difference between her and me...  

The smile had her own silver hair. I also dyed my hair purple for the first time in my life, ambitiously. BTS There was also a celebration of the first anniversary of becoming ARMY. I'd like a gray purple, please. But I ruined it at a high price. Purple came after three days, but only gray was left. I've become more of a silver-haired man (because of my hair designer). Even that is rapidly changing into a common bleached hair in a week.  

Miso likes whiskey. I like whiskey, too. No, to be exact, I like whiskey that is close to highball (a mixture of carbonated water, tonic water, and cider). I drank the day before I left for the trip. Frankly speaking, I drink canned beer more often than whiskey. I always drink it on a day that feels a little special in my daily life or on a trip. After experiencing continuous rainy season, I felt refreshed after seeing the sun for the first time in a long time at my first destination, so I went to "Desperados." "Desperados" is a drink that I enjoyed when I was 20 years old, when I didn't know the taste of beer. Now that I know the other delicious taste of beer, I sometimes drink it on humid and hot days like today when I'm craving for my signature sweet lemon flavor. In front of the hotel, there are only a few people who have come out for a night walk with anglers, which are rare along the sea route. The atmosphere is not like drinking beer like the Han River. Why isn't everyone drinking on the beach in this weather? I just took it with courage rather than feeling it.  

A smile likes a cigarette. I haven't had a cigarette in my 30 years. Instead, I like coffee. Why are you talking about coffee when we're talking about cigarettes? What do you make famous director Jim Jarmusch film called <Coffee and cigarettes> as well. From some point on, whenever I traveled, I didn't go to cafes often and started to pack my own coffee beans and simple hand drip equipment. For this "half independence," I also bought an electric port for camping the size of a flowerpot carried by Leon and Matilda. Whether it's morning or night, I'm going to have a drink a day during my August trip.  

Miso has a boyfriend. I don't have one. It's comfortable to be alone. It may not seem fun to others, but it is the most fun in the world to be a fanatic by changing the subject. Friends, work, hobbies, and favorite actors often get bored in about a year, but BTS being a fan is still fun after a year. The best match for Jangsaengpo Whale Village pier is BTS rather than his boyfriend. It's perfect when you listen to 'Hwayangyeonhwa' album. It's a night that reminds me of 'Whalien 52' and 'Moon.' Bus stops and even containers began to look like scenes in the Hwayang Yeonhwa music video.  

-  

It was my first time to visit Jangsaengpo Whale Village.  

I came to Ulsan for the first time in my life. I also learned that it is Jangsaengpo Whale Village. The night view of an industrial complex instead of neon sign of a hectic sashimi center anywhere near the beach is unfamiliar. Unlike foreign travel, domestic travel is reluctant to travel alone. Wherever I go, I feel sorry for the moment when I overheard too much talk from travelers.  

This place has neither a raw fish center nor a traveler. Rare fishers, small boats croaking along the waves, and sometimes huge ships carrying iron just quietly come and go on the water. It was a cloudy sky, but somehow the moonlight was shining brightly as it was a little off around the full moon. Clouds move and cover the moon or show it.  

While touring next to the industrial complex, I can't forget the mysterious village atmosphere that seems to be fading away. Jangsaengpo Whale Village sets 'whale' as a tourist concept, displays whales and sells meat. Eating captured whales is illegal all over the world. It is questionable whether all whale meat is legally on the table. Many people are voicing their opinions about the death of dolphins in the ecological experience center. It looks tired to become a white whale statue that stretched vigorously toward the sky.  

The bleak atmosphere here in the dark is very nice, but the scenery here on a bright day seemed a little bad. But the moonlight is an unforgettable day.  

August 2nd Routine Diary.  

1.a cup of coffee  

2. Manbo  

3. 1 hour yoga  

4. 2 hours of writing  

