---
title: Daily life, vacation, keeping distance
subtitle : Story#202008222239
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - vacation
 - keeping distance
date : 2020-08-22T13:39:47+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1559543853-e66326a2a4a8?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I went on vacation. I think I actually thought a lot about "Should I really go? I thought I should add myself to a bad situation due to the influence of corona, and I didn't feel the need to take a long vacation when I couldn't go abroad, and I thought that more people would flock to many tourist attractions anyway.  

However, after talking with my friends as if I had to go on vacation, my heart began to flutter again in Jeju, and I started planning such a short trip. And the vacation that I thought I didn't have to go, became a very precious rest for me. Recalling the meaning of 'resting' through the record of the vacation.  

1. The only time to feel relaxed for a long time  

Yoga in the Forest  

It is a yoga program that many people came to recognize after thinking about avoiding tourist attractions. It was a morning yoga program with only a handful of people recruited from an arboretum, and I was also worried that the rain would start to fall and be canceled this morning. When we arrived, we were lucky to have only three people participating. (It turned out that we were a small number of people, so we almost got canceled, but the teacher decided to go ahead with our will on a rainy day:)  

So I started yoga with the teacher's delicate guidance in the forest pavilion. I used to like to meditate at home with the sound source in the forest, but I was really in the forest and focused on the clear air, the sound of birds, and the sound of rain, so I could feel my healing mind. This leisure was something that could never be dreamed of on weekdays, which seemed like a privilege of vacation.  

2. Time to rediscover moments that make me happy  

Breakfast coffee and bakeries  

I love the fragrant smell of bread and coffee in the morning. But my morning on weekdays, no. Thanks to the tight wake-up time set for 10 more minutes, we are busy preparing like lightning as soon as we wake up. It was my only and small morning happiness to barely take out a cup of coffee on a crowded subway. Oh, yeah, I did! I found my happiness again at a bakery cafe in Jeju. There, full of the aroma of freshly baked bread and coffee, I came to pledge once again. Someday you'll find a job where you can enjoy this morning every day.  

3. Time to feel new in daily life  

I feel it when I see my picture taken while traveling. When I'm happy, I have this look on my face. Of course, it's not that I'm not happy when I'm at work. There is definitely a sense of happiness that the company gives. But I can't help but get used to it because I spend most of my time at work five days a week.  

I found myself on this trip that I took out a camera and recorded it without realizing it. I had no choice but to love my work and want to do better. In a short trip, I have eyes that maybe wipe out my blurred eyes and see my daily life anew.  

I happened to see the '100 Life Picture Book' at Steele Books in Hannam-dong, which Steel Books was talking about.  

Life may have been new, but soon bored, and then renewed.  

Just as I felt that my daily life, which had been boring, was renewed through proper rest, my life might also be a constant renewal of these moments. If anyone has given up on vacation, why don't you distance yourself from your daily life by taking time to do things that you couldn't do in your daily life? May safe distinctions allow me to make wise distinctions with my daily life.  

Writing meetings with writing and thinking,  

I'm writing together as a member of 'Patdam'.  

