---
title: a cat, daily life
subtitle : Story#202008222243
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - a cat
 - daily life
date : 2020-08-22T13:43:54+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1504384558400-c1347a7bd18f?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Drop the message.  

It was brunch that I started with the thought of breathing and breathing in my days when I was run over by life. It was enough to write and complain.  

It's still a small number of subscribers, but it was smaller when I wrote it. Some of them were my acquaintances, and I really couldn't bear the word attention. The article, which I didn't expect to read much, was suddenly in the spotlight, and I was scared of the number of visitors coming in.  

And what I was worried about just in case. I thought about it by looking at the limited number of lights compared to the number of views. Seeing the writing of other popular writers with around 100 lights pressed, I guessed that half or more people felt uncomfortable with this article, which was only 30 times. I'm sorry.  

You wrote something that you couldn't handle.  

Where I came in to avoid the arguments that have been going on in my life, I called myself angry. I blame myself for speaking out again.  

I hope that this article will not harm many people who have kept quiet. I hope that many animals that have already been photographed as loathsome animals, still roaming the streets, will not be more repugnant.  

I don't want to fight or want to make public makeup for no reason.  

With my apologies, I promise to live up to my duties and responsibilities. Thank you again for your support and e-mail.  

