---
title: Daily life, puppy, pet dog
subtitle : Story#202008222253
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - puppy
 - pet dog
date : 2020-08-22T13:53:19+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1526487239775-b6e778742d48?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Four Commandments to Raise a Dog  

It's something that all pets can relate to, but it's really hard to raise a dog. In addition, if an office worker who lives alone raises a dog, he or she often lacks even ten bodies. Even more so on a day when a dog suddenly gets sick.  

When I first brought Dongo from the shelter, all my senses were directed toward Dongo. Now Dong-oh grew up to be Garin, which weighs nearly 8 kilograms after a stormy growth, but at that time he was small and gentle enough to lift it with one hand at 3.2 kilograms. On the third day after not going out all day and staring at Dong-oh, I suddenly thought, "I shouldn't live like this." I brought Dong-oh because I wanted to live happily with Dong-oh, not to leave me and live Dong-oh-man. There was a sense of crisis that if I don't do my job properly, I won't be able to raise Dong-oh properly and my life will be ruined.  

It is often said that dogs are raised with money and time. "Since I don't have enough time, I should work hard to earn money." (Really, I've come to live harder since I brought Dong-oh.) The weight of the head of household...) so that I can send a dog kindergarten while I'm at work, feed him quality feed, and if Dong-oh gets sick, I can give him proper treatment.  

Besides, I'm Dong-oh's sister and at the same time someone's daughter, friend, co-worker, lover. So I wrote 4 commands for raising a dog that can take good care of Dongoh and also respect my life and I have kept it faithfully to this day.  

Four Commandments to Raise a Dog  

I think there are three obligations that a guardian must keep. 'appropriate training,' 'walk,' and 'good time spent with a puppy.' After fulfilling these three duties, I try to concentrate on what I have to do and what I want to do. Because I believe that's how I can live happily with Dong-O for a long time.  

proper training  

Basic etiquette education is essential in order to live with dogs in a city where countless people live. Basic training, such as sitting, lying down, and coming here, allows a dog to concentrate on its caregiver if it is excited, thus preventing many accidents. Moreover, Jindo mixed dogs such as Dongo had more than medium-sized dogs, and many people had prejudices against Jindo dogs, so Dongo took a walk every day after the third inoculation and gave socialization education.  

In addition, Dong-oh had a very strong appetite and was well-trained. Sit down, get down, master your hands (proud of my baby) at the age of four months. Now, they can do high-five, nose (the act of bringing a dog's nose if you make a round hand shape).  

When I'm still excited outside (when I met my dog's friend), the call is not perfect, but I'm still training hard every time I take a walk. Of course, Dong-oh is not the perfect puppy. However, I want to compliment myself on this point since I grew up as a super insider dog that I like even a dog friend and even a person I've never seen before.  

Walk  

The best happiness for a dog is called a walk. The "walk" in the period of the young dog is also closely related to the socialization of the dog. The period of dog socialization is known to be two to four months long, and it is important to familiarize the dog with things that it might fear (motorcycle, bicycle, car, stranger, dog).  

Puppies who miss the socialization period and fail to develop social skills may show aggressive behavior toward people or other dogs after becoming adult dogs or grow up to be barking dogs a lot.  

Dong-oh takes at least two walks a day, which is about two hours in total. What I can proudly say is the fact that Dong-oh has never skipped a walk since the day he began his walk.  

It is no exaggeration to say that my daily life begins with a Dongo walk and ends with a Dongo walk. Every morning, I take a walk around the neighborhood before I go to work, and on possible days, I stop by at home during lunchtime to take a walk around the neighborhood. It is only after work that a full-fledged walk begins, and you take a walk for at least one to two hours. Sometimes I walk in Tancheon and play with my dog friends at the rooftop near my house.  

Since Dongo is an outdoor dog, it is essential to take at least two walks a day, long or short. It's really not as easy as you think to take a walk every single day. Because no matter how tired my body is in the rain, I have to go for a walk at dawn when I work overtime. There are definitely times when I think, 'Should I skip this day?' It's a lie to say that you've never done that. But every time I see Dong-oh staring at me, I can't help but go for a walk. Dong-oh, who would have waited for me all day long for a walk in the evening, is on my mind.  

'Yes, unless I break my leg and can't walk, I'll take you for a walk every day, so please understand even if I'm a little short of something else, Dong-oh.'  

quality time with one's dog  

I'm an office worker and I'm raising Dong-oh alone, so I know that no matter how hard I try, I can't spend absolutely a lot of time together. Therefore, I always try to make sure that the time spent together somehow becomes a quality time.  

Even before Dong-oh was adopted, he did not have many weekday appointments, but after living with Dong-o, he rarely makes appointments on weekdays. Even if you catch it, try to do it near your house or outdoors with Dong-oh. When I went to work 2-3 times a week, I made an appointment on the day I worked at home.  

If you have an appointment on the weekend or if you have to leave home, leave Dong-O at your home or hire a pet sitter. When it rains a lot today or when I can't take a walk for a long time due to heavy rain or work, I send Dongoh to a puppy kindergarten while I'm at work. I wish I could be with you all the time, but in an impossible situation, you're trying to find the next best option.  

Another thing I try to keep is not to look at a smartphone when playing with Dong-oh or pet Dong-oh. That's because focusing fully on Dong-oh during our time together is the only thing I can do for Dong-oh.  

Of course, Dong-oh knows that compared to puppies who grow up in a house with a large yard with their families, Dong-oh is growing in an environment far from sufficient. What comforts and encourages me is the story of people who return their dogs responsibly in the same situation as I do.  

Talking to single companions who raise dogs with responsibility and love shows how much they are working for their dogs and how much they love their dogs. I also saw many guardians who raised dogs with their families, but said it was hard to go for a walk twice a week because all family members were busy. Visible objective circumstances do not tell everything. I hope you don't just look at single companions with prejudice.  

The only thing that makes me laugh with shit.  

Even if everything else is like that, when it feels the hardest to raise a dog alone, it's suddenly sick. I heard that there are many puppies who are sick because of the long rainy season and humid weather these days, but Dong-oh, who was healthy, suddenly began to have diarrhea that he didn't do.  

Since he said it was better to reduce the amount of food and snacks and watch the diarrhea, he decided to watch the situation first, but Dong-oh had diarrhea. He never defecated at home, so the situation seemed quite serious." (How urgent would he have done it at home?) I think he stayed up all night cleaning up the house where he was hit by another poop bomb.  

Maybe because I stayed up all night, I couldn't really remember the opening hours of the animal hospital. It's open at 10 o'clock, but I thought it was open at 9. The rain is teeming with rain.=The rain is teeming down, I failed my driving, driving without a car is, of course, Dongo on the Registration in order to go to the hospital because the cab.Must go.  

Dong-oh weighs 8kg, Kennel weighs 5kg, and a total of 13kg was too heavy for me, who gave up climbing because I didn't have arm muscles. It wasn't even easier to carry Kennel with you because Dong-oh was moving recklessly inside Kennel. I barely arrived at the hospital in the rain because I didn't have a hand to use an umbrella on a rainy day, but the animal hospital door is closed and there's an hour left until it opens.  

I didn't even have a leash for Dong-oh, so I thought I'd go to the hospital and release him right away. I first went into a commercial building near the hospital, fearing that if I leave Dong-oh in Kennel for a long time, Dong-oh, who usually hates being in Kennel, would get stressed. Fortunately, there were no people in the morning and Dong-oh was pulled out of Kennel and squatted on the stairs with him in his arms.  

Dong-oh doesn't like to hug usually. How can I wait for an hour with a child like that? I thought I'd go back home and come back, but I decided to endure an hour somehow because I thought I'd waste the taxi fare and move Kennel again. I couldn't even wash in the morning, so my hair got greasy, and my clothes were messed up, and I crouched in the corner of the hot and humid stairs of the shopping mall, so I felt like I was about to cry.  

'I wish I had someone to come to the hospital with me at times like this, or if I was a good driver, if I had a car, why am I such a poor guardian for Dong-oh?'  

Maybe Dong-oh is sick because I did something wrong.'  

What comforted me in such a situation was somehow the warm body temperature of Dong-oh, who had been held in his arms, and Dong-oh, which was felt by his body today. The hour spent sitting on the hot, humid and dark stairs holding Dong-oh felt strangely dreamy and warm.  

I don't know whether it's human instinct or human instinct, but when I see someone weaker than me, I get something like reckless responsibility. The strange responsibility of protecting and protecting this being to the end.  

Fortunately, Dong-oh held me well for an hour on the stairs of the shopping mall, and the cause of diarrhea was not a big illness, and Dong-oh made me laugh by packing golden dung a day after receiving antibiotics and lactobacillus prescriptions.  

Puppies are very strange beings. It makes me nervous and then it gives me courage again. The only thing in the world that can make me laugh with shit.  

