---
title: daily life, life, mind
subtitle : Story#202008222358
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life
 - life
 - mind
date : 2020-08-22T14:58:49+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1579113813907-73c7856e1dfe?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Sometimes, countless repetitive routines are a little boring and difficult. It's not that I'm looking forward to tomorrow, but that I feel bored. Sometimes I'm even nervous and afraid that tomorrow is coming. There is a feeling of boredom in daily life. One might think it's a full talk, and another might say that's exactly what I want. It's the life I've been hoping for, but in everyday life, the wind is sometimes fading. Because humans are animals of adaptation and when the environment becomes familiar, they become a natural pattern in our lives. Beyond getting used to it, it's getting bored.  

You'll have such an experience. I've never been afraid that Monday will come before Sunday begins. An enemy who has struggled to get a living every morning to feed my body. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and the weekend. Counts every day. I've waited for the weekend, which is only two days of the week, to come soon. We were not born to live only on weekends.  

If you look closely, there is no same day. Repetition makes everyday life feel like the same day. Repetition gives stability, but it is also like a double-edged sword with frustration and boredom. So many people throw themselves out of their daily lives into unfamiliar surroundings and constantly expose themselves to new situations. How can we spend our daily lives more new and valuable? Not just by living as it goes, but by assimilating and absorbing. If your daily life is boring, why don't you "unfamiliarize yourself with your daily life?" In a way that you can feel the "now" and "here" in a way that you can look at your daily life from a completely different perspective.  

Then, how can we enter a strange world in our daily lives?  

One, getting out of my daily radius - travel.  

The radius we live in does not deviate much from the big framework. Most will be 'home-company-home' or 'home-company-any-anywhere you'll hear before you come home.' It will be a place of residence and a place of livelihood. Places are one of the physical factors that make our lives familiar. One of the ways to change a person is to change where he or she is sitting.  Therefore, we can often get out of the familiar place and go to a new place or a strange place that I have never been to before, and have a face-to-face experience with something completely new. Five senses will awaken me with a new feeling I've never felt before.  

Two, deviating from sitting down to the new world - reading.  

These days, there are many restrictions even if you want to change places and leave for a strange place. In the aftermath of Corona, it is not easy to get out of the house, let alone travel. Then can't I have the experience of going somewhere else instead of changing the place and sitting in my seat now? Reading can be one way. Books are a world and a life of someone. We can experience a world that we have never experienced before, and perhaps never in our lifetime, only through type. It's all about falling into the world in a book. It's amazing that I can go into another world from where I sit or from my current daily life without having to move.  

Three, press down on your own world - writing  

If you have felt other people's world through reading, you can now create your own world and make your daily life unfamiliar. Whether in my imagination or in my head, I'm trying to create a life and worldview that is completely different from my daily life now. Behavior and deviation that would never be possible if I were my usual self are also possible in writing. Let's create something I haven't tried and experienced before. Let's write it down now.  

Four, look at your daily life like a trip, from a strange perspective - shift of perspective  

When we can't do all this, we can just change our minds and meet a new world. You can't always leave somewhere, and sometimes you're so lethargic and unenergized that you can't do things like reading or writing. Then let's do this more easily. It's just looking at everyday life from a different perspective than usual. A natural daily life may not actually be a natural one. If we are not here tomorrow, we may not be here right away. Come to think of it, this routine can't just pass by like that. I will try to put each one in my mind and engrave it. It's even so precious and precious that it's just sad to go by. Let's just think about it. That daily life is not a given.  

Five, only now, look at the present - change of attitude  

How many past days have you regretted and worried about the future? What's interesting is that if you just focus on the present and live this moment, the bored daily life that you've felt so far will come in a completely different way. If you feel the breathing and inhaling now, the air and warmth that touches your skin, and the feeling of your current feelings, you will surely have a different daily life than ever. I realize that it has become incredibly peaceful.  

Closing remarks  

Daily life is an indispensable thing that cannot be separated from our lives. For most of life is its boring and tiresome routine, consisting of constant repetition. Then we are at a crossroads of choice. Will I live my life bored or will I live meaningfully accepting my daily life as my own? Either way it's up to each of us.  

