---
title : Daily life, coronavirus, virus
subtitle : Story#202010082226
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - coronavirus
 - virus
date : 2020-10-08T22:26:14+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1595950009887-e9842bcbc1ae?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
It's been less than a month since the coronavirus started. I learned through YouTube that the fishery market in China had a sensation from December of last year, but Korea has just started.  

Some confirmed cases have appeared, some have been treated, and some have died. Some people wander about the story that they came out of the lab, and sometimes see people who are busy cursing Chinese people trying to figure out the path.  

But I have thoughts while looking at the current situation. I came to think of the fact that maybe I couldn't enjoy the daily life I had been enjoying.  

Seeing the locals living in the now closed city of Wuhan made me feel more like that. I was in the process of being unable to go outside often because it seemed that there was a virus on the street.  

With a system where only one person per family can go outside twice a week, everything has changed. Just two months ago, you would have had a good time eating outside.  

Today, I would like to share more stories about this.  

Let's be grateful for the little joy  

Taiyaki bread that I bought for a thousand won on the street, a cup of coffee in a quiet place, a restaurant where you can eat with friends, a manga shop where you can play at an affordable price, a small walk...  

What is your small affirmation? Perhaps each of them enjoys a different small affirmation. But if the coronavirus spreads to the cafe I used to go to, it will close immediately.  

If there are more confirmed cases in the neighborhood, it is not possible to take a walk. The same goes for restaurants. As soon as the confirmed person visits, disinfection begins.  

Of course, Korea is a free democratic country unlike China, so you can go back to restaurants after disinfection and quarantine.  

However, it will not be easy to enjoy it easily because of the feelings of anxiety and anxiety.  

I can be alone  

When infected with the coronavirus, all of us are now trapped in separate rooms. You cannot leave the treatment room until you are healed.  

I've read an article saying that there is everything there, and most of the things I need are provided. However, that would make it difficult to express happiness.  

How would you feel if you were trapped in one space for two weeks?  

If I am confined in the same space for only one week, I will feel sad beyond the frustration. This is because I want to get the outside air, and I want to roll around at home.  

Or, you might want to go to the library and read a book at will, or drink coffee. You will also want to meet your friends and chat with them. However, the moment you become a carrier of the virus, no matter how long you are, you become immobile.  

No friends, family, or anyone can face to face. It would be better to talk online, but there are limitations in itself.  

Being separated from family and friends...  

Honestly, it's coffee, it's okay if you don't drink it, and you don't die if you eat something to eat. The most distressing, miserable, and saddening moments of a person occur when they cannot meet family members and friends.  

Most of the people living overseas as Koreans cannot adjust and come back because they get homesick. If you live abroad, feel free to come back.  

Coronavirus carriers are not free. I can't see my parents' faces. No, you can see your face, but you can't tell if you want to hug and say you love me.  

You'll want to go to the jjimjilbang you used to go with your friends, and you'll want to visit places of memories. If you have a family, you will want to go to an amusement park with your children.  

Maybe he made an appointment to go out on the weekend. I went on a sled and went to the zoo. The virus began to spread to the Korean soil and penetrated. Little by little, our daily lives also disappeared.  

I think I hope this virus will end in a busy day. I have lived with a lot of greed to make a lot of money, but more than that, I just hope that the day will come when I can fully spend the day I have been enjoying.  

It's a bit unfair to me that viruses and somebody else's tricks are taking our day off. (Of course, I'm not tied up so I can go anywhere, but it's easy to feel that everything is rigid)  

We close today's article with the hope that we can freely enjoy the day we enjoyed.