---
title : Deviation, daily life, crisis
subtitle : Story#202010082301
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Deviation
 - daily life
 - crisis
date : 2020-10-08T23:01:29+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1596787474386-791461ec4bba?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
It's a life that can't be seen a step ahead, but it seems that you're having a new experience this time. Who could have expected such an epidemic last year? Compared to those who have been diagnosed or quarantined, those who provide treatment and treatment, and those who have suffered directly from the supply of masks and various hygiene products, etc., the inconvenience that I experience is not a work. It's the same for everyone, but the things that I've always done casually are deviating. I thought about what has changed in my daily life.  

1. Increased personal time  

All meetings and dinners were canceled, and the time to meet people both business and personal was reduced. I also refrained from personal meetings, so I had time to focus on and prepare for something relatively. However, due to the postponement of school opening, my nephew often comes home, so the time I spend with my family has increased.  

2. Changed work environment  

There was an opinion that it should be introduced as the situation continues to be serious, but since it is a conservative company, I knew that I would go to work. School opening was also postponed, and there were some people who self-quarantine in the vicinity of the company and at the partner companies. It seemed like they were not going to do anything, but after implementing the flexible work system, they have been working from home for the first time since its inception. Of course, it's been a long time since we haven't even held dinner parties or meetings. Both overseas meetings and conferences were canceled and replaced with conference calls. At least until the first half of the year, it seems that it will only be done by phone, and the second half of the meeting is also uncertain.  

3. Changes in diet  

Delivery food is said to be on the rise, but I usually ate out a lot, and these days there are many foods I can't eat because of medicine. So, rather, I'm eating home meals and trying new dishes.  

4. Vacation  

I canceled my trip to Europe that I had booked since last year. I was hoping that the situation would get better in a little while, but it would spread to Europe. The penalty was not large, but the opportunity cost of taking a risk was more felt than the cancellation cost. You may be caught on a trip, and it may cause damage to the people you come into contact with. I have to take personal vacations during the quarantine period after visiting, and it will not be easy to find a place to stay while quarantined. The trip, which should be enjoyable, seemed to cause discomfort throughout the entire trip.  

5. Personal appointment  

Friends who are about to get married are still worried. The team said that the week before my friend's wedding was canceled. There is no meeting to give wedding invitations. There is no reason to rush to meet friends who have been going to meet after a long time, so they are watching indefinitely. I feel like I have become more active in contacting katok or online. Personally, I was going to go to the church again this year, which has been cold for more than a year, but I had no idea that this would happen after procrastination.  

When something is done, it is easy to forget and go back. I don't know when it will end, but I want to keep the four below.  

1. Take care of personal hygiene  

Wash your hands often and regularly touch your hands. It may have cost a lot to wipe your hands, but let's wipe them for at least 30 seconds. If you can't feel it for 30 seconds, you can repeat the Happy Birthday song twice while cleaning your hands. If you are a Catholic, it takes about 30 seconds to memorize Ju Mo-kyung. Personally, I am cleaning things that I touch with my hands many times, such as credit cards, cell phones, and mice more often than before. Washing your hands is the easiest thing to protect yourself and the people around you. You can contact anyone in any way, such as a person shaking hands or an employee who touches a mobile phone with my card or Samsung Pay payment. Not only this year, but it is a task that we must keep well in the future.  

2. Let's increase immunity  

Originally, I was exercising almost every day, but I got to work harder. There is no heart cancer. In warm places, illness does not occur. This is also the reason I keep running. Move your body so that you feel warm. Also, eat good food and tea as usual. What you eat is also very important. Isn't food the cause of this coronavirus? Although it is a personal brain, there is no disease that originated in India, which is equally populated and poorly regarded with good hygiene (no racism or national discrimination intention). It seems to be because I don't eat it often enough. Although the possibility of developing new ingredients in Korea is low, it is better to choose and eat foods or teas that increase immunity at least several times a week.  

3. Let's feel the importance of everyday life  

Going to a cafe with friends, going out to play with children, and having face-to-face meetings for work have also become deviant. Even if they hold meetings for business these days, many companies are unable to attend external meetings at all. I've been writing a gratitude diary from this year, but I want to remember again that there is nothing really natural, and cherish even small things. Thank you for having a healthy day even now.  

4. Let's think about crisis and opportunity  

Even in good times, crisis can come at any time, and even in bad times, think about recovering again. It seems that the 10 year economic crisis has circulated since 2008, and most of them were vigilant until early 2020. Even now, it is not known how it will be recorded later in history, but it will be difficult to recover for the time being. It is good if you have prepared for the crisis in advance, but if not, don't be too desperate to prepare for the crisis. And even after you get over it, think and prepare for a crisis that will always come.  

I miss the time to meet people and have a cup of coffee. Because it is impossible, I often feel more precious. There is absolutely nothing forever, and everything has an end, so I hope we can overcome the uncomfortable time directly or indirectly.