---
title : Corona, Paris, everyday
subtitle : Story#202010082232
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - Paris
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-08T22:32:51+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1598887142717-f0289c743da0?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Paris is unusually quiet right now because of Corona-19.  

One day, when China, Hong Kong, and Korea were shaken by a new virus, a city that flowed silently and steadily, without concern, was deeply dormant with President Macron's declaration of "Nous sommes en guerre!" (We are in war). I feel like I have entered the state.  

In a situation where people are allowed to go to the hospital to buy food or go to the hospital, and most of the shopping centers and companies are under control, I am also filling my daily life at home for several days. I wasn't a person with big movements, so the current situation where I can focus on personal things is not bad for me.  

But, I feel it. At the beginning of the 21st century, when the atmosphere of the 20th century, when the world's chaos and crises waved, was somewhat quiet and solidly achieving economic growth. It means that I have only lived without thinking about the things that the past days of making leaps and bounds and giving off abundance of glory gave me freely.  

After this situation, in which the whole world was turned upside down by an invisible virus, I think that the world will be peeled off or overlaid with one eyelid, and will return to a different shape from before. At that time, will I be able to live in the world in a different way than before?  

At 8 pm, in France, many people come out to the verandas or open the windows and clap and whistle at once. We are sending cheers and encouragement to the medical staff who are taking care of patients while confronting Corona-19, but if we are together at 8 o'clock in the dark Europe at this moment, it makes me feel crushed.  

This act began in Spain and Italy, first started in Spain and Italy, and is a positive thing for Latino Europeans. Jeongham seems to have been passed down to France.  

I am living well in Paris. It is said that I am having a difficult time globally and nationally, but I am still grateful and wonderful to me, and I am still thinking that Paris, which has been living for 12 years, is a good city.