---
title : Daily life, thoughts, corona
subtitle : Story#202010082252
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - thoughts
 - corona
date : 2020-10-08T22:52:49+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1590843760702-9cc0383da99c?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Due to the corona, cyber lectures for one semester were confirmed, and I returned to Korea from China. It's been two years since I had encountered spring in Korea, so I was very glad, and no matter how comfortable the dormitory is, I felt that I couldn't do it just at home.  

The first month after coming to Korea, I spent doing things I couldn't.  

At first, I started my hobbies that I couldn't do in China or because it was uncomfortable to do. Cooking, piano, star viewing. It's not a big hobby, but why was it so hard to do this while studying abroad?  

I cook and eat with my family, and instead of having a piano, I bought the piano I wanted and wanted to play until my wrist hurts, rather than the guitar that I bought and practiced. I opened the window because I wanted to contain it, and when it rained, I wanted to hear the sound of the rain. When there is no cloud at night and the day is clear, I was so happy that this daily life of raising my head and watching the stars has been a long time.  

And I started taking care of my body. After going through rushing assignments and exam periods, I always felt unwell. Because I'm studying in another language, I have to invest a longer time than my Chinese friends studying here. After these periods, the body feels very weak due to broken eating habits and fewer sleeping hours. So, after coming home, I took care of what was good for my body, and I bought a nutritional system so I could take care of my parents and my body and ate together.  

I started spending the second month with my parents. There were so many things I couldn't do with my parents than I thought. After I became an adult, I had never properly traveled like a trip, had never been to a cafe, and had less time to sit down and eat together. I thought I had to do a lot with my parents at this rare opportunity.  

So, we started eating together for the second month of lunch. They also sit in the living room and talk about little things, and they walk right next to the mountain every morning with my mother. It started for my mother's health and my health, but I've been talking with my dad for a few days because I wanted to walk with it. He hasn't come over yet, so he speaks every day. Will your dad walk with you soon? In addition, we are packing delicious foods and eating them together and spending them happily.  

There are so many things I want to do because the second month has not yet passed. I want to drive around the sea or mountains in my car, go to eat the foods my mom and dad loves, go to a cafe where my mom and dad don't go well, talk with me, and go camping. I'm trying to do things that I haven't been able to do in the meantime.  

There will be a lot of people who stay at home for a long time due to the corona, but it would be nice to spend precious time with their family during this opportunity. It's because there aren't many opportunities to help me find my forgotten daily life and turn my gaze from being trapped in a smartphone around me every time.