---
title : Accident, father, everyday
subtitle : Story#202010082200
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Accident
 - father
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-08T22:00:09+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1590687871804-ad3b16a1d060?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
While touching my head, I fell a pair of earrings into the hole of the washbasin. Put the leftover earring on the palm of my hand and look at it. Unexpected things you experience in your daily life. Feelings that are never controlled are sometimes overwhelmed like an accident. An unfortunate thing that happened unexpectedly. 2. A bad thing that caused harm or caused trouble to a person. An accident occurred at my house yesterday. Or, to be precise, there was an accident in my mind. I shouldn't have said that expressing negative emotions was an accident, but it shouldn't be said without a plan. It is difficult to accurately judge whether it was an accident with me, but it is certainly unfortunate that it happened unexpectedly. My father and I do not look at each other and cry. In each room, in each room, we can only hear each other. Now, each room is only audible to each other. We are pouring out a sound that we have not been able to share toward each other ahead of that time. We rush to pour out the afflicted hearts that we have been talking about separately. Just as you know how much you loved, it's sad to see that each person is left alone and picking up them at the place where they need to get off. Is it possible to be a little relieved to know that it was love?