---
title : Process, routine, business
subtitle : Story#202010082122
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Process
 - routine
 - business
date : 2020-10-08T21:22:50+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1542978415-7098a6d6c794?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Startup representatives often appear in articles these days. It's cool to be in an article, but it's not easy to start a business, start a business and get it on track. There are particularly difficult parts in the process of doing business. It is difficult to save people, to build a structure to make money, and to know how to spend money well. As I walked today, I suddenly realized that my thoughts and actions have changed considerably from the past, and I thought that anyone in everyday life would be able to train entrepreneurial minds.  

Suggestions for daily training methods  

You have to get a good person.  

It is very familiar to say that greetings are all things. As I started up, the words touched me more earnestly. And the words are real. Whenever the organization grows from one person to three, to five, etc., the organizational culture, methodology, and thoughts of working change depending on who joins. A great person with an attitude and ability to proactively discover and solve the various problems encountered inside and outside the organization. This is the kind of person you need in a startup, but it's not easy to find such a good person or make them join. As a result, the story of all the startup representatives around them is that it is too difficult to find people. I also agree with it.  

The process of meeting the people we work with is mostly through personal connections. At first, a good person worked together, that person introduced another good person, and the good relationship in the past was the right time to join. In the process of doing so, the way I learned is to see the future'possibility' in every meeting and meet people from a long-term perspective. People who can be together right now are good if they join right away, but it is difficult now, but there are so many good people who are likely to be together someday. You meet different kinds of people in so many different fields, and every time you do that, you save someone you think you can be with someday. Ability is also important, but I often store it in my heart by looking back on the culture of my organization, such as whether it is the person I want to be with or whether I am fit. At the same time, in order to do things that we cannot do directly, we make proposals with a project nature and make various attempts to keep fit in the long-term future. Then, expecting to be able to join in the long term. We really don't know what will happen to our relationship, so we value all relationships. Repeatedly.  

You have to make good money.  

The basis of business is to make money through the activities of the organization. It is a repetition of the process of using the money earned to pay for the people we work with, to cover expenses for various activities of the company, and to reinvest to do bigger things. Therefore, the process of doing business inevitably entails a journey of finding answers while constantly asking the question of how to make money. Even if you're making good money right now, you still have to discover new ways. In particular, it is true that'problem consciousness' is important to start a business, but there are many cases where there is insufficient effort to specifically determine how to monetize from good planning and ideas, or only a problem-consciousness is large without even thinking. In particular, there is an increasing tendency to challenge side projects while working at a company recently, and many side projects start with making products without considering monetization. It's good to start like that, but I think it would be good to try businessization as well.  

We made a good service, but the worries about what to do and how to make money in order to be good enough for people to pay money are still ongoing. In the meantime, the way I think about it is to understand the mind from the customer's point of view, and furthermore, try to understand the mind of the person. Since I am a consumer in my various consumption and daily experiences, it is good training to talk about my mind, my thoughts, and the relevant parts with the people I have been with. In other words, if I am a consumer, I look back on why I consume it. It is to apply it to my business and service as a reverse branch. If I were to pay for this, I would constantly become a more sober consumer, and I repeat to devise a proposal that could persuade the consumer. This can be the basis for acquiring business minds in everyday life. Of course, it is essential to continuously research and develop monetization methods while directly experiencing and studying various businesses.  

You have to spend your money well.  

It is difficult to make money, but it is also difficult to spend it well. If a startup has attracted a great business plan, it is important to learn how to use that money. If you have attracted 100 million won of investment, you need to carefully think about how to spend the 100 million won. You need to use it wisely, thinking about what is the most meaningful and effective way to use it. In the beginning, of course, it's basic to get a good person to join in to achieve more. After that, you need to add value again to attract new money, make money, and use that money to join and market better people, get more customers, and make your business work well. How effectively you spend your money is an important criterion for business success and growth.  

In order to spend money well while doing business, it can be a good exercise to observe and think about how you will spend your money in daily life. The answer is not just saving the money I earned or the money given to me. It is important to spend wisely what percent of savings for the future, spending this way, and investing that way. Even when spending money, it is approached by how to judge the aspect of “investment” personally and the area that simply disappears due to consumption and cost. It's about thinking about the impact and effect of spending money on it. For example, talking, meeting, and eating with people may end up with consumption, but it can also be an investment for the future. Can buying notes and writing instruments be viewed and executed from an investment perspective? And check and reduce unnecessary expenses? Wouldn't this way of using money at scale in everyday life become the process of having a cost and investment perspective?  

It is 'exercise' that the beads stand and pierce even words.  

Such a mindset, preparation for the future, etc. are all important, but the most important thing to realize all of this is'executive power'. This is because no matter how great an idea comes up in your head, putting it into reality and getting people to use it will determine the success or failure of your business. Well, I have no choice but to increase it by doing it myself. There are a lot of entrepreneurship programs and so on, but it is important to have a lot of experience of actually making anything from the ground up before being so grand. For example, writing consistently can be one of the best ways to do it. Not just thinking that you should write, but taking the action you actually write. And creating results, sharing them with people, being evaluated, and developing them. You can make YouTube, or you can make a computer software program. You can also plan and conduct a gathering of people. In this way, by constantly adding the experience of ‘producing’ by yourself and steadily developing execution skills in our daily lives, the entrepreneurial mind can be strengthened little by little in our daily lives.  

Investment now for the future me  

It is said that it is the age of 100 and everyone has to start a business. I agree with that, and even if I don't start a business right now, the process of training my daily life for it will be meaningful. Entrepreneurs are not suddenly falling from the sky. Although there is a tendency to be born to a certain extent, it is trained little by little as you practice, experience, and learn. No, you have to train from now on. That way, if you are suddenly thrown outside, you will be able to start your business step by step without panic. So, let's look back at my daily life and see myself as an entrepreneur and build muscle.