---
title : Love, mom, everyday
subtitle : Story#202010082308
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Love
 - mom
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-08T23:08:39+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1592715353387-6e7fdb43609a?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
What is this, in a hurry I sat at the desk. I left my mother's friend who hasn't finished breakfast to her daughter.  

“Jia, when the meal is over, brush your teeth with your grandmother and add eye drops. Mom will start writing.”  

It is the 5th day since my mother came to Daejeon. An angel-like brother, who had been stupidly enduring even the disease on his body, was hospitalized last Saturday. My second brother and I were very sorry. I was always grateful for the relentless love of my eldest brother, who somehow endured, saying that I couldn't hurt my body because of my parents' worries. The groom and I were unable to stop by the hospital where my brother was due to Corona 19, and went to Andong with my mother after urgently looking at my father's food market for a few days. Tears ran out.  

“I won’t even lock the door, so take your mother well. If you do, don't worry, I'll let anyone open the door and come in. that is great. Mom is with you, and Jin is in the hospital.”  

My spring break and the time when the children's academy and after-school classes are temporarily closed. After the groom comes to work early, the four of us spend a comfortable day at home. Busy to eat breakfast, the son reads a book roughly, solves the problem book, and immediately sees his favorite YouTube channel. The daughter makes coffee for her grandmother and mother and serves them in a pretty mug. After drinking coffee, her mother holds Jia's hand and brush her teeth, and when she sits on the sofa in the living room, she puts her eye drops again. Then, the children enjoy Kinect sports or open a coloring book and spend time with their grandmother. Meanwhile, I run my laundry all over. Wash your blankets, wash your outerwear, and keep running the dryer. Then it's time to eat again. When I turn around, it's just right for me. My son, who likes the time to eat and eat, always decides the menu, so he always helps me with the work of wanting to have three different menus. Spam gimbap is waiting today.  

In 2014, her mother was diagnosed with mild cognitive impairment. I haven't seen the drama "Dazzle" that impressed many people last year, but maybe my mother could resemble the life of Hye-ja (Kim Hye-ja), the main character of the drama.  

Hye-ja calmly organizes her mixed memories, but it is not easy to fully remember her long and long life. And the son (guide), who got to understand his mother little by little, asks Hye-ja when he was happiest. / Quote from Episode 1 of "Dazzle"  

Last night, he went to bed and said, “Why is Dad still not coming in? Well, you're late to work, but it's too late.” At that moment, it seems that my mother died in the difficult days of her forties among the mixed memories. “Yeah, don’t worry. Because my dad is well in Andong.” I said casually and comfortably, and then he goes to sleep without worrying about his father anymore. Fortunately for mothers, dementia progresses slowly. Recognizes all family members, participates well in intermittent and partially serious conversations that require thoughts and judgments, and presents mother's opinions. My brother almost finished the New Year's meal in January, but during that time, he ate about 10 rituals a year. These days, I know a little after living with my mother. The reason why my mother's dementia rate is luckily late First of all, it will be the power of my brother's love, who served me with extreme sincerity. And it seems that the habits, attitudes, and characteristics of the mother who have lived are helping her to grow old.  

First of all, my mother is very diligent. When you wake up, wash your face in the bathroom, clean your hair, and arrange the shelves before you come out. All the places where the mother passed are straight and shiny. It is the floor of the room, and it is a living room desk, and it is cleaned and picked up by hand anywhere to be cleaned. Fortunately, things don't go anywhere, but my things don't disappear. Even in the kitchen after washing the dishes, he does something to help with my organization. I hated it before, but now I am grateful. Director of Neurology Han Dong-gyun said that in the case of dementia patients, it is important to keep moving or exercising regularly, and that it is important to have a presence that you are not a burden among family members, but that you are important. I have confirmed myself that I am, and I still have the self-esteem that I am good at doing this. Yesterday afternoon, Jaewook entered the room and thought that the block works displayed on the floor were not organized, so he separated them and put them in a container. Fortunately, Jaewook understood her grandmother's situation well, so she went well. One try doesn't just sit there. I believe it will be the same in Andong.  

Mom is very focused. You did a good job studying when you were a student, and the habit of not hating learning and learning is helpful, and even now, whether it is English or mathematics, look closely at the children's textbooks. Of course, there is no process of reading and understanding. However, when you sit down and start looking, drawing, or coloring, you are immersed in working two or three hours. However, it is unfortunate that Andong cannot be in such an environment.  

And mom loves to talk. After lunch, the children do their own work in the afternoon, and I try to play the National Song Contest passed on to the TV screen to my mother, and she laughs a lot. Then, in a very funny scene, “Eun-young, look at this. You are really good.” Call for stretching. I was writing while looking at the living room window, changing my glasses and looking back, giving a short and short message. "You're really good at it." Then the mother asks again. “Eunyoung, do you have a lot to do? ”  

Today I answered like this. “Yes, writing. There is also a mother story. He was diligent and wrote.” "okay? Good.” After that, he corrected the song title, sang along, and laughed all over, and Song Hae said that he became younger.  

Instead of my mother, I am grateful for the diligent character, concentration, and the habit of meeting people and talking to each other.  

When I turn around, my mom goes to the kitchen and looks in the box delivered from the mart. They don't need to be refrigerated, so it's a box that I left for a while. I asked my mom to trim the leek that I took out for lunch. He said he wasn't going to do it, so he moved to the table and started to look after it. In the evening, you can mix the leek that your mother has prepared with the seasoning of chogochujang and eat it as a side dish. no. I must get up from my seat now to trim the leeks with my mom.  