---
title : Daily life, japan, company
subtitle : Story#202010082115
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - japan
 - company
date : 2020-10-08T21:15:58+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1528020632843-32071e1ec78e?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
AM 04:57  

The sound of the alarm, which you might be used to now, is still unfamiliar.  

The YouTube screen that was turned on yesterday before bed stopped with the phrase "The video has been paused. Would you like to watch it again?"  

I see the text every morning, but I feel something uncomfortable.  

"The video is paused. Would you like to continue watching?" Or something  

Isn't the phrase "video paused. Would you like to continue watching?"  

Thinking that hambak steak is a phrase that makes you feel like eating a hamburger steak wrapped up in famous vegetables, you go down to the first floor to prepare for work.  

Oh no... I have to turn off the alarm...  

Japanese wooden buildings, no matter how new they are built, are often colder inside in winter than outside.  

Moreover, in the second-floor house, all the cold air goes down all night, so you can experience a unique experience that goes down one degree each time you go down the stairs.  

But I am running toward the 4th year of life in Japan.  

Since I made a reservation for the heater to operate from 4:30 a.m. before bed, I can now have a cold morning.  

Let's forget about the rising electricity bill.  

AM 05:50  

When you're ready to go to work, turn on the Yahoo Weather app to check the weather.  

The forecast says that it may rain around 2 pm, but it is safe because it does not rain during the rush hour.  

This is because it is most convenient to ride a bicycle to the subway station.  

From home to subway station  

25 minutes on foot.  

15 minutes by taxi.  

30 minutes by bus (???)  

10 minutes by bicycle.  

I parked my bicycle in the free bicycle parking lot, thinking,'I can take the rapid train at 6:15.'  

I am very grateful that there is a large bicycle parking lot available for 24 hours, which is difficult to see in Tokyo.  

Taking the subway around 6:00 in the morning does not mean that you will have a relaxed way to work.  

In particular, in the case of the'Section Rapid', which stops only major stations and passes other stations, you can arrive only 5 minutes earlier than the'normal', which stops all stations, but the number of people riding there is more than twice.  

Even so, at the moment I am writing this article, I have not been able to find a definite answer on the basis of what is the basis for the natural desire to ride the'Section Rapid'. (5min> Tzabu)  

It's been a long time since I gave up the idea that I could sit down even if I take the subway between 6:15 and 30 in the morning.  

It would be a more realistic wish to not sit down and not to become a chabu.  

Suddenly, the conversation of a Japanese friend comes to mind.  

Me: Can you sit on the subway when you commute? His friend: What are you talking about dreaming? You have to ask if you can sit down and not come, but if you can't do it.  

It is safe because there is an opportunity to occupy a place where there is a relatively small number of people in the subway, which takes around 6:30 in the morning. Sometimes, when I dream of a pig, there is about one day a month when I have a seat. On the day when I dream of the pig twice, the person sitting in front of me at the next station sometimes falls, even if there is no seat, so I sometimes sit down to thank the sky once or twice a month. (Of course, if the uncle sitting next to you smells too bad, it may be better to stand up.)  

There are still no seats today, but there are quite a few seats that I can preempt.  

Go to the center and put the backpack on the shelf. If you stand in the middle, the stress on the chabu is less.  

Is that the nature of Korea, Japan, or humans? Most of them are standing bitten by the entrance.  

Take out an e-book reader and read a book. It takes about 30 minutes to the transfer station, Akihabara, so the one hour round trip is a relatively concentrated reading time.  

There are two readers, one from Ready Books and one from Amazon, but most of them read Korean books. This is because you can read a lot of text in a relatively short time.  

The Kindle, which I bought from Amazon, can read unlimited Japanese books for free, but always reads before bed, so I fall asleep shortly after reading.  

When you get off the subway, you walk for a transfer.  

In the morning of Tokyo, the whole nation seems to be holding a warning contest.  

The average speed of walking people in the morning subway station may be above 20KM/h.  

Sometimes he also sprints and commits a foul.  

When one person runs like that, the people around him also jump.  

Why?  

In the subway about to leave, she is looking at me with her face pressed against the window.  

He was the one who quickly passed by with a rough breath a while ago.  

AM 07:20  

The company takes a time card.  

The 100% pure mechanical sound of "Good morning" welcomes me.  

Our company is applying a full flextime system that does not have fixed hours for work and work.  

Of course, for the quality of life (QOL), work is prohibited from 12 pm to 6 am. Other times, commuting is free and only 7 hours and 30 minutes a day is required. To be precise, you only need to work the number of working days in the month X 7.5 hours.  

It doesn't matter if you work 9 hours today and 6 hours tomorrow.  

It's 7:20 in the morning, but there are already 4 people at the company.  

Most of them go to work after 10-11 am, but in the case of "Alex", a British friend, they always go to work at 1 pm  

On the day I bring my own coffee at home, I start working right away, and on occasional annoying or have an appointment, I just come and head to Starbucks.  

I don't like Starbucks coffee very much, but there aren't any coffee shops around here that sell Venti-sized sizes.  

I am hungry in the morning, so I need Venti-sized coffee.  

Most of them work at their own desks in the office, but in my case, they come to free space to work.  

Rather than squatting for more than 7 hours, it feels more comfortable to stand and sit here and lean on the sofa.  

Since our company all uses one floor of the building, there is no contact with other companies or outsiders, so you can feel as if you are working in a dedicated cafe. Moreover, there is no problem at all even if you play the music at will.  

Another employee's e-mail says that the baby is sick and wants to rest.  

Shortly thereafter, the representative replies.  

If the previous company managed business in kanban format, this place manages business with tickets through redmine. A leader or a person in charge creates a ticket and requests a job, or a job that he needs is made into a ticket to proceed with the job. All tickets are released to the entire development team to show the work flow, all of which are reported by e-mail.  

There is no specific format, but there is a big update of the company's products every 3 months, so all business milestones are based on 3 months. It works very much like an agile-style job with a three-month sprint.  

I check the tickets I made before work yesterday and start working.  

PM 02:00  

There is no set lunch time because it is full flex time.  

If you're hungry, you can just go to eat, so you eat at around 2 o'clock, which is not crowded.  

However, from the fall of last year, I became close with my British friend Alex and Japanese friend Tyra.  

All three of them love hamburgers very much, so I definitely go to a hamburger house once a week.  

All three of them talk about food often because they are the type who finds fun while deliberately looking for delicious places. In particular, in the case of Tyra, she is so enthusiastic that she is looking for a hamburger house and sorting out stars.  

These two people are very interested in Korean food, so they urge you to go eat Korean food.  

I think I will have to go to Korea with these two sooner or later. (Actually, I even made a plan to go to February, but the flight was too expensive, so I have delayed it for a while.)  

PM 03:00  

It's 3 o'clock when the three of them come to eat rice while chatting and brush their teeth.  

Now there is 1 hour left until the time of work.  

I don't have to finish the work of the ticket I picked this morning, but I want to finish it as much as possible.  

The mail comes to Karasawa.  

How about a drink next week?  

Karasawa is 58 years old, the second oldest in our company.  

He is in charge of the company's corporate team leader.  

After joining the company, he became the friend with whom he talked the most, and once a month, he had a drink together.  

Now that I am comfortable enough to share Korea-Japan relations and history, I am looking forward to meeting you next week.  

I and Mr. Karasawa love Hokkaido food and culture, so I think I will go to a Hokkaido izakaya again.  

I sent a reply saying OK! and I immediately share the schedule.  

PM 04:30  

It was a bit late because there was a problem in the middle, but today's goal seems to be over.  

Tyra, who came to work around 7 o'clock, has already gone home. Alex, who came to work at 1 o'clock today, is staring at his MacBook from the corner sofa.  

I worked for about 30 minutes more, but it doesn't matter. Rather, when you have to go early later, you can use it as a time to go home sooner, so there is no stress or burden on additional work.  

[Daily work report] by e-mail and return.  

The title is a daily work report, but no one reads it carefully and checks it. It's just a self-organization process for self-management.  

Since I completed my ticket today, it is easy to start working tomorrow if I make about 2 tickets for tomorrow.  

If you go home at 4:30, the subway is relatively less crowded and you can sit down from Akihabara to your home.  

What is the person who made eye contact in the morning doing now?  

Today, I'm going to watch a movie on YouTube, not a book. Biglobe, who canceled SoftBank last year and changed it, has no burden because the data used to watch YouTube is free and unlimited.  

Thanks to this, communication fees have decreased from 6000 yen per month to 2500 yen.  

good night  

After coming home, washing and making dinner, you can roughly organize it around 7pm.  

I took out 1 out of 2 pork packs for 350 yen for the 400g I bought last weekend and ate it with fried pork.  

Lettuce in Japan is expensive and not very good, so I buy salad leaves and wrap them around. The price is cheap and the scent and texture are much better.  

They giggle while watching YouTube or Netflix with their cousin until 8 o'clock.  

Until 10 o'clock, after studying German or fiddling with a toy project, he goes into bed, turns on the projector and turns on YouTube. I turn on my Kindle and read Japanese books, but at some point I lose my memory.  

The video has been paused. Would you like to watch it next?  