---
title : Daily, infectious diseases, mask
subtitle : Story#202010082138
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily
 - infectious diseases
 - mask
date : 2020-10-08T21:38:42+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1562938277-2cf5e2ade886?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
It was not an epidemic 'something'. Originating in another country, this killer soldier is becoming global. Everyone is affected accordingly. On a larger scale, the country stumbles, and as nationalism, which wanted to disappear, raised its head, violence and discrimination abound.  

In small terms, even my daily life is shaking. A month ago, I moved out of my familiar neighborhood-although no one knows it-and moved to another town, so I organized a lot of the children I had been teaching. And now, at the point of a fresh start, this plague has stopped everything.  

The office of education has received a letter recommending the closure, and parents are also worried, so the park has been closed since the end of February. As with all small business owners, it's very difficult because you don't have enough money to do business. I don't think I can withstand long, though I can withstand the number of students and there are even a few other sources of income. A friend with a large number of students is thinking that she will have to look for a loan. The director of the tutoring academy has stopped class, so he doesn't know what to do with the monthly rent, administrative fees, and instructor salary. Everyone can't go anywhere and complain that it's hard.  

Masks that used to cost 500 won per sheet are very cheap at 1,500 won, and even more than 10,000 won are now out of stock. The government is struggling somehow, but the actual effect is still far from reaching the market. A few days ago, I made up my mind and went around all the local pharmacies in the morning, but only realized I was too lazy.  

I went to the Hanaro Mart in the neighborhood and said that it started selling at 2 PM, so I took a taxi to the Hanaro Mart in another neighborhood. People lined up in the basket, but even wearing a mask was not anxious. Soon after, the staff came out and only 39 people. I walked for exercise and went to the Hanaro Mart again around one o'clock and sold all. Is this a fart?  

Two of the grandmothers in front said that the staff here clearly told me to come at 2 o'clock, but they cried out why they were talking about it. I also nodded from behind. The person who seems higher than the employee is that people in the building are crowded, and that the owner of the building or somewhere else has just sold it. Also, is this a word or fart? I made a great deal of control over my emotions to avoid being heated, but in the end, I came home and ordered ten masks worth 1,000,500 won per sheet. That evening, I slept with the boiler turned on because my body was so creepy. I feel like it would be unfortunate if I had a cold.  

As the normal routine breaks like this, they keep acting abnormally. Even the pedometer walking that I did regularly skips a day or two, and I get fat from eating because of stress. I don't even read, sit in front of the TV and watch reruns. Like my mom said, it's more damn than real TV.  

Fortunately, I came to my senses a few days before the critical point came. He resumed walking ten thousand steps a day, cut down on the amount he eats, and started reading again after reading. However, my willingness to return to my daily life is still ready to be broken everywhere. Currently, there is only one mask in my hand. I still want to throw out the book I was reading because of a sudden fever after seeing the mask order before shipping. Whoo.  

It's just amazing to realize how important daily life is when this happens. But, what can I do? I am a human being who can only wake up after learning this difficult lesson. I will not go through the means and methods to gain peace of mind. The hard-earned peace cannot be lost to the plague.