---
title : Daily life, portugal, countryside
subtitle : Story#202010082209
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - portugal
 - countryside
date : 2020-10-08T22:09:19+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1489100500944-eea849c5c9a8?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Alvito is a small village with a population of 2,000 in the region of Alante province in southeastern Portugal. This region is a place with a low population density and an active agricultural and agricultural industry and wine production. When you drive by car, you can see endless cows, sheep, olive trees, and cork trees instead of a person. Alvito, a small and peaceful Portuguese countryside village located about an hour and a half by car from the capital, Lisbon, is the home of Alberto, the groom. A place like the “hometown of the heart” of our family traveling to and from Timor-Leste, Korea, and Portugal, and a place where a full and lowly life flows!  

2019.8  

In the afternoon, my mother-in-law opened a box full of small figure dolls.  

It's a figure that the groom and the groom's brothers, the treasure's eldest father, small father and uncles, and the lower generations of Bobae's cousins and older brothers, played with. There are quite a few smurfs about 5cm tall, and there are many cartoon characters that you don't know well.  

Bobae was excited about the new toy. Besides, these days, it's because I'm very good at talking, I put up the dolls and play while talking in the role of Ilinda alone.  

When I saw Lewis playing with the baby next to him, he laughed and said, "This, that, this is the doll I used to play with."  

Lewis and Alexander are in their late forties, while the groom's nephew and cousins of the treasure are in their late teens.  

Truly a toy that comes down through the ages!  

Baby cousins also laugh, saying, "Oh, look, this is what I used to play with when I was a kid."  

The groom was also excited. What's his name, he and he don't get along with each other, and these guys are the ones we played with when we played cowboy movies, and so on.  

The toys Bobae is surprised by and the mother-in-law gives out are very old. It's not just the stain on your hands. Even if the condition is clean and okay, the style of the toy itself looks old. That's why it's a toy that has been gathered for 3 to 40 years and passed down generations!  

Starting with dolls, there are 4 to 5 boxes of ramen boxes, such as toy cars, play house sets, wooden blocks, handcarts, etc., and the mother-in-law opens one at a time appropriately.  

Here in Albito, Bobae's favorite things are playing in the water and playing in the dirt. But it's natural to get excited about new things to do. When the sun goes down, they can't play in the dirt or in the water, so they enter the house and pour out all the dolls, cars and blocks, and play with excitement.  

In fact, if you live in a house for several decades after the generation, all sorts of things increase  

However, it is true that generations can play with the same toys, save money, and share memories together.  

The treasure will be enough to play for five more years, and Luiginia will be able to play more than that.  

What will happen to these toys next?  

Will they see the light again if they are quietly contained in a box at the corner of the house-in-law's house or in my warehouse, and 30 years later, if Bobae or Luiginia brings their children? And the baby is  

"Hey, this is what I used to play here when I was a kid... Grandma took it out"  

And take it out to the children, and will they remember this time vaguely?