---
title : Anxiety, everyday, corona
subtitle : Story#202010082145
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Anxiety
 - everyday
 - corona
date : 2020-10-08T21:45:35+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1564954512517-39f3fc115f1a?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Corona 19 completely changed everyday life  

Corona 19 has completely changed everyday life. Anyone with any power is not properly exercising its power in front of Corona 19. In the end, the anxiety that can take your life makes people squat life itself endlessly.  

My life hasn't changed much, but the environment is changing drastically. The situation where children are stuck next to me for a long time continues, and places where I could go if I had a little hard work with these children have changed into places that I could not go even if I had a hard time now.  

Fortunately, there are few people in my place, so I can take a walk with my children comfortably. After lunch, the schedule of taking a walk became the only social activity in my recent life. Of course, it is difficult to meet people during those social activities. It's just because our neighborhood is a place where few people live.  

Spring's touch that doesn't scare away COVID-19  

It overcomes the cold and slightly dark winter and reveals the scent of spring that catches my eyes. In a gloomy atmosphere that seems to be entering a difficult situation, this tree is doing its job as if it were nothing. It is amazing where this power came from and how to show off your beauty so casually and silently.  

I first discovered spring, but I started playing with my kids to find spring. After all, children are fun. They argue that they will find spring first. To discover spring like that for a while, it seems that children are more fun to ride a kickboard or play catch. Still, I feel proud as I have taught my children a little of the precious teachings about discovering the beauty of nature.  

This too will pass  

It's easy to say, but it's not that simple to believe in this and stay true to the present. This is because people are affected by a lot around them, and no one will be free from the great fear of death. Although we do not deny that humans have great abilities, we cannot deny that they are also infinitely weak.  

Corona 19 will surely pass. But it will pass by leaving scars and pains. There may be people who endure and overcome these wounds and pains, but there will certainly be people who fall down and fall without enduring the wounds and pains.  

It would be better if you could help someone, but taking good care of yourself is also helping someone. He goes through the long winter silently and learns the wisdom to overcome this crisis with some unknown awe at the yellow buds that reveal themselves as soon as spring comes.  

It is clear that Corona 19 is a powerful virus that humans cannot easily cope with. However, we see that Corona 19 also cannot counteract the forces of nature. There is definitely something stronger than Corona 19. In the midst of wars and disasters, human history has continued to this day. No matter how fierce life is, mankind has overcome crises and difficulties with the desire for life and survival.  

Isn't that strength a little joy, joy, and awe that you find even in difficult situations?  

As I listen to the sound of this spring, I decide to live my life happily in order to make my life more solid and beautiful.