---
title : Empathy essay, writing, everyday
subtitle : Story#202010061208
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Empathy essay
 - writing
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-06T12:08:15+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1499914485622-a88fac536970?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I clean up my studio at 5 o'clock, walk fifteen minutes, go home, eat dinner and work out at 7:30, walk while listening to a book on the RediBooks audio, repeat the evening routine, no longer stay in the office until ten, at night I didn't make a video, I didn't make a video, I was affected by my relationship, I didn't feel impatient. It took me a full year to get a peaceful peace, and the only thing I wanted was days when I was bored and relaxed. Instead of giving and receiving people who have to be seen well, walking toward the destination, taking care of people who are already grateful for watching them well without conditions. Rather than being bitter about the things that are missed and collapsed, living with a heart that cherishes what remains. Working like a war, suffering from the wear and tear of a person's heart, and the days of having to devote energy to avoid making the same mistakes to the rude person, and the long-awaited things that were frustrated at the door several times. The history of my waiting that I have built up, and the things I've been looking for as those times pass by, are peaceful and small, so it was a precious daily life. "It was a boring and lovely daily life that I struggled to find a place to take my own roots." Reading Yoon Jin-seo's tap, as a person waiting for someone's call, just preparing and living, her 20s, hoping for a party-like speciality to continue, days waiting for the script, and striving to find a place to take root in it I felt like her saying that what I did was a boring and lovely routine. I think it's a time I had to live in my twenties and mid thirties. The point where I ran so was right here, nothing caught in my hand, and the history of my waiting still builds up. Even so, the little things that have been embodied in the process are not weak, because they are building on the ground that has been built by repeating the past processes that have been struggling a lot, frustrated, endured, doubted, moved on, and frustrated. Without striving to win hearts, conflict and oh I don't say more to force the harm to go away, I don't avoid working with that person even if the relationship is shaken by any disappointment, leaving work, leaving, leaving, rejecting, closing, meeting everything is just a daily routine. I don't think that ``hardness is an unshakable mind.'' Rather, it shakes dozens of times a day, and that's why knowing that if it shakes, you need to relieve your strength. I think that you are protecting.  

It's the same daily routine, but discovering new moments. Feeling the new moments found and looking forward to another tomorrow. That's probably the'life' we know. If we hadn't lived a repetitive routine, we might not have known the meaning of life. Special parties like parties I was in my twenties who wanted to continue, the days I waited for the script to stand in front of the camera as an actor, and struggling to find a place to take my own roots out of the anxiety within it was a boring and lovely routine. I don't know if I desperately needed the meaning as just one life, not as'who'. I finally found my own daily life, and I fell in love with the life that continues daily, and there was no hallucinations I knew there.  