---
title : Our food, shopping, adventure, everyday
subtitle : Story#202010061319
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Our food
 - shopping
 - adventure
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-06T13:19:32+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1519822472072-ec86d5ab6f5c?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Is it a housewife's daily life?  

Squeeze the week’s diet in advance  

I roll my head to cook and start shopping.  

Let's see. Free shipping coupon from Market Curly  

I sent it, so I’m going to go shopping this week  

I will do it.  

He consolations to himself that he is trying to consume wisely even though he pretends to be unable to win the shallow marketing. He combines the ingredients in the refrigerator with the ingredients in the shopping cart, nodded, admiring this perfect September's second week's menu, and presses the ‘payment’ button.  

When the morning star rises tomorrow, two carefully-made tofu made from domestic soybeans, 10 happy Yujeongrans who worked hard for the welfare of the skewers, and 2kg of Shine Muscat, a fruit-based drug king, will arrive at the front door of our house when spraying?  

The world goes to bed with joy.  

It's a sweet night. It's exactly 6am!  

When the alarm on my smartphone goes off, I stumble and go out in front of the front door.  

Like a child going to check out Santa's grandfather's gifts  

I go to check my precious ingredients delivered by Market Curley. It's Monday morning when the foot should be heavier, but it's lighter than a feather.  

Eochacha~ Put the box inside the house and sit down on the hardwood floor to start unboxing.  

After checking the things with the index finger, he smiles and puts refrigerated products in the refrigerator and frozen foods in the freezer, and starts cooking today's menu'Mapo Tofu'. Take out the mapo tofu sauce from the first drawer under the sink, pick up one bean of tofu that doesn't doubt that it is a Korean bean, and make a hole with a bread knife (I use a bread knife because I'm afraid of general overkill), and pluck the bitter into the sink. Serve.  

Take the tofu from the bittern, place it on a wooden cutting board, and cut it into bite-sized pieces with diced. On a frying pan, put perilla oil (meaning that my mother bought it, not that I made it) and put the chop chop chop tofu around.  

Chu~ I wonder if there is anything else to add while the tofu is cooking deliciously, making a chubby sound.  

'Ah! I had my lifelong diet partner chestnut sweet potato. Shall we put it together? Tofu and sweet potatoes are good because they don’t gain weight!”  

This was the moment when my 13th diet diet was born. Mapo Tofu Sweet Potatoes were successful and I felt like I was losing weight while eating.  

I feel better because it is a menu that I only want to know about, although it may be somewhere on the Naver blog. My own recipe, which is roughly eye-catching, is more savory and stylish than the ‘Baek Jong-won recipe’, which is stuck in a mold and made the same. Cooking is also an adventure to pioneer taste  

This is what I want to bump into! Let's get started! For example, I have two.  

Egg fried rice recipes exist.  

One is fried rice with canola oil in a frying pan, and then popped one egg on it.  

Another is moist egg-fried rice, where eggs are beaten over lightly heated rice, whisked, and mixed well, then placed in a frying pan when the eggs and the eggs are completely combined with the naked eye.  

It’s a fried rice recipe that no one has ever known  

Cooking is what you learn and pioneer yourself.  

I just want to do it with persimmon, so I can cook with a detailed plan or unlimitedly  

There are times when my secret recipe, my own special sauce, is more delicious than the same recipe on the Internet.  

And in each adventure, sometimes they succeed or fail. Learning your own way. By the way, tomorrow is the day to cook pork tofu kimchi stew. Shall we put sweet corn? I think the chewy texture will be delicious.  

By the way, how long can you stick to your weekly diet plan?  
