---
title : Subway, everyday, dad
subtitle : Story#202010061333
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Subway
 - everyday
 - dad
date : 2020-10-06T13:33:28+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1495562091148-2f4efe7301df?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Oops! I missed the subway right in front of the door. It seems like Taesan wants to go home quickly, but tourists who are unable to take care of those in a hurry came down from the escalator and missed it right in front of me. Call home while moving to the car that can shorten the transfer distance.  

“Where are you, Dad? Dad coming late?”  

“Yes, I’m going hard now. Can you hear the subway? Did my daughter eat?”  

At around 7 o'clock, our calls on the subway are almost the same and always end with 'I'll be there soon.' Sometimes, when a video call comes, the child asks to show the subway. The sight of the subway is a fun sight for a 5-year-old who hasn't taken much of the subway yet.  

I still haven't gotten away from my head. Looking at the company e-mail on the mobile phone, I look at the unfinished work and the work to be done tomorrow. There is always a self-help book and a book for studying English in the bag. Reading even for a short time is helpful. On days when the book is difficult to read, I listen to podcasts or lectures by famous instructors on YouTube. There is a lot to see and a lot to do. Like most other passengers looking at their cellphones with earphones on, I can't be still for a moment.  

One time... One time...  

When I was in the fourth grade of elementary school, I moved quite far. When an elementary school student moves, the ritual transfer is usually done, but I chose to go to school. From then on, I commuted nine stops by subway. About 30 minutes by subway. The road that had to overcome the crowded subway was always hard, but the Hagok-gil subway was always busy. When the subway came to the ground, I looked out the window. At that time, there were subway lines up to line 4, but the route map was so simple that I could memorize all the stations. Most of the passengers read newspapers and books. Either I had a conversation with Naina and I just went. Was it because I didn't have a cell phone? There were quite a few adults talking to children who were commuting to school by subway. How old are you? How far are you going? Where are you living? Would you like a bag? It was a time when feeding a baby on the subway didn't hurt anything.  

As the number of subways that had only four lines increased and increased, it is now difficult to find the desired station without the help of the Internet. That much complicated my life and my head. Where on earth did the compulsion of having to do something, the time left for a moment, come from? There was also a bruising contest, so why can't I stay still for a while? 1 hour on the subway from work to home. It's great to study and work, but it's a really good time to give me a break from my busy work.  

She puts a book in her bag and turns on a song of memories. And put the phone in your pocket.  
