---
title : A Food, home meal, perfectionism, everyday
subtitle : Story#202010061307
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - A food
 - home meal
 - perfectionism
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-06T13:07:34+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1587511250125-154db3d7d909?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Even if you burn your will, it is difficult to keep it. Good habits are exceptionally difficult to make, and bad habits are easy to create and difficult to get rid of. I often decide to be a good person or a wonderful person, but the practices for this often fail.  

Maybe our daily life is just like 'home meal'. Basic rice. Because daily rice doesn't have to be perfect. Just simple and stick to the basics, it's Ding.  

When you eat, imagine that you only eat high-quality meals in a high-end, unobtrusive restaurant. Just thinking about it is frustrating. One or two great meals are pleasing to the eyes and mouth, but I don't think I want to eat every meal every day. Sometimes the colorful, round food on a flawless plate above a high-end restaurant feels weird. At that time, I rather think of home-cooked rice with a fried egg on top at home. A simple home-cooked meal with healthy and simple ingredients as much as you want to eat in your favorite bowl.  

Sometimes I drink until I get drunk, then I try to remember what happened yesterday, I pinch the blanket many times, and sometimes my face turns red because I want to put back what I made a mistake. There are times when I regret not being able to soften my emotions, or sigh in a day when I couldn't live my hard work. But that's okay. Isn't it everyday to be colorful because of those experiences? Such mistakes, regrets, and worries often become a pleasant and easy-to-talk story. Whatever is more fun than perfect.  

When you are self-cultivating or compulsively pursuing perfection, think of home meals. I find myself a little more comfortable when I think about my daily routine like rice. The rice and side dishes you eat at home are not big, but they play a fundamental role in leading a healthy life. Not necessarily looking for a restaurant with the perfect taste, but eating at home with healthy side dishes. Spinach sprouts, stir-fried anchovies, miso soup, seaweed and cucumber kimchi. Something may be lacking, but it tastes good enough for me. It's not big, but it's carefully prepared rice. Sometimes I am surprised by the food that is made really delicious, and sometimes I laugh because I failed to taste it even though I made it hard, but each one is life!  

Man cannot be perfect. People are the ones who want to improve in the good way for life. If you're the perfect person, nothing gets better. Then how terrible it would be. Not being perfect is a blessing. We tend to find joy in the little steps we achieve rather than the results.  

Therefore, rather than my imperfect self, I will focus my attention on the sufficient self. I decided to faithfully think about the small things in my daily life and appreciate the house meal. How many meals will you have in the future to prepare for yourself? The first way to value yourself may be with careful home meals. Then, someday, even the lax and cute side dishes I made may be giving deep taste to my mother.