---
title : Extraordinary, everyday, corona
subtitle : Story#202010061213
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Extraordinary
 - everyday
 - corona
date : 2020-10-06T12:13:18+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1527547637224-a93d42c7b332?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
The recent weeks have gone crazy with Corona 19, which has spread across the country. The number of confirmed cases increased every day, and it was difficult to maintain the usual routine because the recommendation was to refrain from going out unnecessary. I can't get rid of the awkward and uncomfortable feeling somewhere in this extraordinary life that has been going on for days. Being unable to go out, it seems like a feeling of guilt about not being able to work productively, second to the cramped ones.  

But something strange happened. Since I was only at home all day, I was completely focused on the house. I started doing the big chores that I had later put off, such as washing the blankets and organizing winter clothes one by one. Although I tend to do the cleaning often by myself, sometimes there is a common task that needs to be done by mobilizing several people. My younger brother cleans the front door, I clean the living room bookshelf, and my mom is in charge of hand washing white clothes. Yesterday I moved my sister's room furniture and cleaned it together.  

Today, I went to a house to repair clothes with my mother. Eight clothes that needed waist or length adjustment were left at once. They are all clothes that were delaying repairs. My mom said that this house is the best shop in my neighborhood, but I also wanted to take a snow stamp this time and go there alone next time. I decided to wash my winter padding tomorrow and go dry cleaning on Wednesday.  

If you think about it, you don't know how fast time is going even if you're only at home. I graduated in February and the start of classes was delayed until my younger brother, so the whole family had to eat at home for three hours or three. After one meal, you have to think about the next meal right away, and you have to go shopping, cooking, and washing dishes. The time to face-to-face with family members also increased. It was the simplest but most complex thing, the daily life of coexistence.  

While Corona 19 is an extraordinary social phenomenon, the results at the personal level may be different. At least for me, I can say that returning to everyday life and concentration are the result. Since I came back from college after a long university life in another place, I had to prepare a radius of my life without compromising the space of the existing family members, and I needed a time for dialogue and respect to reestablish basic principles.  

In addition, in order to prevent infectious diseases, I cleaned myself up and cleaned my surroundings once more and thoroughly managed hygiene, and it is quite rewarding in that I have invested the time I usually spent on going out in my home and family. With the desperate wish that this situation will end as soon as possible and everyone's health will be restored, I hope that I will be able to spend this time given to me well.