---
title : Reading notebook, reading, everyday
subtitle : Story#202010061257
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Reading notebook
 - reading
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-06T12:57:28+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1590515659316-ece820f8e3db?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
When did you start thinking that the probability decreases as you get older? The feeling of confidence that I could do everything turned into a feeling of depression that I could not do anything properly.  

On the first day of September in the year 18, I started writing reading notes.  

Ever since I wrote a book report for my vacation homework, I've been writing the reading record by hand for the first time. The habit of writing that has been going on for a year and a half since then changed my life by 180 degrees..... but not by 1.8 degrees. As the self-help books related to reading records and memos say, we have yet to reach the point of achieving dreams and making money through success. I will try to find out the reason.  

When I started writing reading notebooks, I was struggling with a sense of lifelessness and helplessness. The thought of'Is this all to live?' is coming regularly like a menstrual date, so I tried to pass it by myself this time, but I didn't have it strangely. I didn't do anything because it wasn't fun, but the time went well. There are four months left in 2018, and it felt like it was already over. 2019, 2020, not yet come...  

Born in 86, I felt like I was slightly out of reach of the millennials, or barely beneath. (Born in the 90's.. No, isn't it coming in the 2000's)  I didn't know the meaning of the new word at all, or I was the age to search for and learn.  

Although he was a little young to be called the older generation, his way of thinking became conservative. The first evidence was the repeated pledge of'not to be a bad guy', and the second evidence was that traveling like Sinbad and taking adventures like Alice was worthless. "If you get a job at that time, you'll become an office worker with 10 years of experience in your mid-30s. Guys, don't go abroad... Guys, don't cross the river that can't come back, Look at me." She convulsed in her limbs and shouted 'Ah, ah, no love' with the face just before waking up from the nightmare.  

"When I go to work, get married, give birth to kids, and live and die for the fun of seeing kids grow up, what?" Are all grown-ups trying to get older and humble after the time they thought was boring? Or is it a natural phenomenon that seeks stability based on biological instincts? (If I knew it would be like this, then adults would laugh a little bit)  

When did it start? I have come to believe that the likelihood decreases with age. The moment when the self-confidence that seemed to be able to do everything turned into a depressed feeling that one could not do anything properly.  

Even if all of this is part of the process of living, I didn't want to become an older generation who told young people'don't go overseas trips and save money' 20 years later. To do that, the virtue I need now  

Curiosity, was.  

So I started writing a reading notebook. It was a time when I realized the quote (I don't know who did it) that people are getting old because their curiosity has disappeared. Writing a reading note seemed to help prevent early dementia. The 40-year plan for the future is to develop the right brain and train the left brain through summary arrangement.  

I decided to try to find the 'creative' inside of me who is on the verge of extinction through reading notes.  

I decided to write one page at a time because I was writing an exchange diary with my friend when I was young. I bought the diary with the Moleskine soft cover I used for a long time. There are a lot of 1,000 won notes, but there is one reason why Moleskine is. Bluff. A little bluff helps motivate you. He wrote the Moleskine Diary on Instagram and posted it on his blog. In modern society, it is important to be able to appear even if there is actually nothing. Then something happens where it wasn't there. Don't laugh at the older generation, I may one day vote for the Conservative Party. I think bluffing is trivial, but let's not do it, the day will come when I need it, too, which is what I'm engraving these days.  

The first adult's reading of the book that started. They don't give rice and don't give rice cakes. I decided to try to find the 'creative' inside me, which is on the verge of extinction, through reading notes. It was surprisingly fun too. There was a play that pursued only pleasure, with no goal or purpose. If I gave them books and notes, I could play alone without knowing that time was passing.  

It’s awkward, but I’m drawing pictures like this  

I sometimes write weekly reading notes  

Like a man obsessed with obsession, he meticulously summarized the plot.  

I had never studied after graduating from school, but reading a humanities book, summarizing and organizing it, felt like I had returned to my student days.  

I learned that I wanted to know a lot, and that there was a lot to know.  

It took a year to write one of the Moleskine Diaries thoroughly without spaces. As mentioned earlier, while writing a reading note, my attitude toward reading and books changed 1.8 degrees from before. I felt how habits were formed and I knew the joy of immersion. After reading a lot of books, I also had a desire to write.  

I started to think I wanted to live by sharing what I learned and realized with others. If there was anything special in life, it seemed to be there. Even if it is very trivial information that 'A 0.28mm ballpoint pen is much better than a 0.7mm ballpoint pen when writing on the Moleskine Diary', it would be a good life to share something and live.  

I also feel a sense of security that is unknown to other's memos or personal records. In the cutting-edge digital era, when you meet someone who is still obsessed with analog, you feel as familiar as someone you already know. I also wished that my reading notes would be a means of quenching someone's helplessness in life, like the sweet and refreshing beverages. Then, my daily life became a little less boring. There are books to read every day, and words to write. I learned that I wanted to know a lot, and that there was a lot to know.  

I want to live as a person with a lot of curiosity by throwing away the rash that I knew everything I could know and the self-help that it would be useless to do useless things. I keep wondering about something and I want to die. I want to be a person who writes down the pouring questions in a notebook. Even though artificial intelligence computers come out and our memories are automatically stored on the computer, I want to be a person who writes with ten fingers. Most of all, I want to be a human who doesn't say "I want to be 00"......  

That's how the adult reading sentiment began.