---
title : Daily life, emotion
subtitle : Story#202010061326
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - emotion
date : 2020-10-06T13:26:57+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/flagged/photo-1550413231-202a9d53a331?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
On the way home from work, the smell of pizza was floating all over in the Tangbi room where I went to wash my mugs. A male employee in a dark sweater was waiting for pizza in front of the microwave. I said, “It smells like pizza!”  

“Ah, I have something left.” I put on my rubber gloves and said, "Ah, enjoy it." I didn't ask for pizza because I wanted to eat it. I was just talking to myself in the form of an icebreaking dimension.  

Not long ago, I wrote an in-house e-mail to the manager of the former branch office for a two-week meeting at a new place. A reply came from the manager who received an e-mail saying, ‘To the manager who always has a handsome and warm smile.’ I finally received a hello letter and said that I was in a good mood. I was curious about my news so far, so I asked the deputies of the department. Even though it wasn't, he said he thought of me when he heard that personal is the most creative thing among director Bong Joon-ho's awards. I told you to show off your personality and talent without getting frustrated even when you go there because you feel fresh and fun with the words and actions I say and do. I was more grateful to remember the manager who was reading and typing my letters with a smile on my dad.  

When I heard the awards mentioning that personal is creative, I nodded that the director knew and valued the value of this, and that the perspective and sense that implicitly picked this word at the moment when he shined was great.  

These days, I was more sympathetic to reading a novel like Hemingway's diary saying “The sun rises again. Just like Murakami Haruki's novel, how many tens of pages should be occupied by the quirky routines and conversational stories that go without knowing what the topic is? You can face the criticism of the “dislikes” that you do. This is an attractive point for ‘issues’ like me. So, I am reading this book, and the writer wants to tell this story, so I wrote a post.  

I am not doing it on purpose to find cuteness in my daily life. Today, it was cute to see a coworker who needs to take care of his boss's clothes wearing a yellow jumper on his chair all day long, and when he discovers the cuteness of others, my eyes turn into smiling eyes without lies, and I feel happy and joyful. After discovering this, I thought that I would take notes with the cuteness of others in the future. Whether pulling the chair forward or back, it was cute that the yellow clothes became one heart and cherished, and that the boss was a person who was taken care of by junior staff.  

Not long ago, I said that I didn't know Tea well, so I shouldn't dip the tea bag too long to a colleague who recommended this tea during a conversation via messenger. come. It was cute to imagine the appearance of listening to me and removing it immediately. I can hear you very well.  

Another colleague, who I often went to play with, said that if I don't eat something that needs to be refrigerated, whether I don't eat it, I don't accept it, store it well, whoever I give it. Let's say, it was cute to complain about nagging. When he went home, he said he was a prince, and his mother didn't touch him, but he complained to stop nagging him that he was the first person to harass him. He laughed out loud because it was cute, and he said, please go back to your seat now.  

After seeing me struggling with me, this co-worker, whose employees are like Tom and Jerry, showed an unexpected appearance and made us cry. Handing a handshake, holding my hand tightly with both hands and patting for a long time. Usually, even a little touches, he is amazed that he is a person who hates skinship.  

One day, a customer called for an agent. Oh, the counselor was away for a while, but he said, “What is it for?” He said that the service was over, but he called to say a last word. I was very sorry for that 000 teacher. He confessed to me that he wasn't a child and was sorry for something. When the counselor came back to the desk, he asked if he would connect him, so he told him not to change his hand over the handset with a voice that he could feel. I couldn't understand what was sad, and it wasn't a big deal, but it was cute that I felt sad feelings, and it made me feel sorry for the customer.  

In addition to this, when I see a mentally outgoing, embarrassing expression before my boss goes to report to a higher boss, I am a long time adult but a little lovely, and when my mother wanders around with short sleeves saying it is hot because of menopause, sitting face to face with the boss at the cafeteria When I see an employee in a state of being scared while eating, and when I call with a trivial thing because I want to talk, it is so cute when I see people.