---
title : Books, essays, everyday
subtitle : Story#202010061235
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Books
 - essays
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-06T12:35:32+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1601255596436-3d600117f19e?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Are you having a pleasant life looking forward to tomorrow?  

When I look back at yesterday's routine, most of the time, I only remember working. So how was last week? Likewise, only the memories of my work come to mind, but I don't think of anything particularly enjoyable. Now, three months after 2020 began. The goals set for the new year are getting blurred, and there are many people who have a repetitive routine that is no different from last year.  

Today's FASTFIVE CHOICE has prepared for those who have repeated and free daily routines. Fast Five People who are busy daily for the beautiful corporate culture of Fast Five.  

One day in December 2019, in January 2019, I opened the goal for 2019, which was written on a notepad. Three or four goals were written by dividing it into two parts, ‘Work’ and ‘Life’. When I thought about it, my work goals were usually achieved, but none of my daily goals were met. My daily goals were as follows.  

As I was buried in my busy work and thought that many parts of my daily life were collapsing, when I looked back at the goals I had written, I felt the imbalance between work and life even more seriously. I would have to continue working for at least a few decades in the future, but in this way, it seemed that I would not be able to keep the time healthy. Change was necessary. I was contemplating what would bring change in my daily life when the balance was broken.  

Then, other people wondered how they were sending this free routine. I searched for the keywords ‘routine’ and ‘everyday’ to find the stories of people who are caring for and protecting their own lives. This book, which I am introducing now, is a book that came to be discovered like good luck during such troubles.  

"The daily routine"  

It is a vigilant posture to prevent indolence.  

The author lives on a regular routine that others think is obsessive. The routine looks like this:  

The author explains about the routine as a guard who prevents any indolence from invading on a daily basis, and a way in which he wants to live while embracing the passing of time as much as possible and passes his time. The words of the author, who give special meaning to the usual rules of daily life, which are not very different, touched me greatly. Following this author, I decided to focus on the big and small routines in my usual daily routine.  

"The joy of trivial routines in everyday life"  

I was a person with a habit of getting close to zero, so I had to plan a routine even to organize my bedding after waking up. So I set up some really easy to achieve routines. It's probably a routine that others would have done since elementary school.  

I set up routines in my daily routine that were really easy to set up rules like this, and I achieved them. Then I found myself having fun every time I achieved these easy routines.  

"Routine, a repeating day"  

How to send a little more meaningful  

After knowing the fun of keeping the routine, I started setting routines in my daily routine. The most recently set routine is'going to work 30 minutes early'. To achieve this routine, get up an hour ahead of time to get ready for work. When I wake up early and prepare to go to work leisurely, and when I go to work, I think of myself 10 years ago when I was unable to dry my hair because of the lack of time. Compared to then, I often think that I am almost reborn.  

When you arrive near the office, buy a cup of coffee you want to drink depending on your mood that day. It wasn't that bad feeling relaxed sitting alone sipping coffee in a quiet office with no one else. It feels like warming up slowly before the busy day begins. Now I want to feel that feeling every day, so I naturally opened my eyes early in the morning. Just by coming to work a little earlier, I was able to feel the morning time more enjoyable. Small routines in my daily life made my day a little more meaningful.  

'What habit did you start with?' The key is what I have done as a habit in my life. I practice pronunciation while reading the signboard while driving. I kept digging the blocked mouth area in the blocked section. So I mastered the pronunciation of one or two. Do you know what they say a lot? “Practice like eating, research like you breathe.” First, you have to ask, “What do I want to do?” and then “What can I study?” If you are suitable for your aptitude, you want to do it for a long time. If you want to do it for a long time, you have to explore. To continue is to do it without letting go of breathing. So the universe that one person shows for a long time has a different depth. It is the universe that I found because I spent that time.