---
title : Travel, everyday, office worker
subtitle : Story#202010061247
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Travel
 - everyday
 - office worker
date : 2020-10-06T12:47:40+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1469796466635-455ede028aca?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
It was one day last year. Talking about a trip with a cafe owner: "What do you want to do on a trip?" Asked a question. “I want to travel to Europe and walk around and draw a lot of places,” he said. "I can see that what I want to do on a trip is that I am not currently working. That word was powerful enough to remember even now. I was surprised to see what I didn't know about.  

After that, I looked back on what I wanted to do on a trip before. When I was a college student, what I wanted to do on a trip was a 'new experience'. I studied and played as a college student (...?), but what I couldn't do other than that was the 'overseas travel experience'. For me, who has never been away from Korea for more than 20 years since I was born, just seeing overseas travel destinations on TV made me want to go.  

After my college days, there seemed to be a variety of reasons for wanting to go on a trip as an office worker, and things I wanted to do, but in the end it was one. It is'I want to get out of my daily life for a moment'. Logging out of the day-to-day life of a person named 'I', no one is looking for me and neither is looking for anyone.  

There was a day when one day was exhausted from daily life or a series of tiredness. Usually, when I travel abroad, I like to walk a lot and see the sights, but rather than want to wander around, I just wanted to lie in the hotel all day. When I think about it again, I felt that way because I couldn't lie down all day long, and it was a sign that I needed a'rest'. As I traveled like that, I was filled with energy to get back into my daily life.  

If you want to go on a trip and do something, you can think that travel will eventually solve your lack of situation.  

I look forward to the day I go to Europe again someday to drink coffee and paint.