---
title : Happiness, everyday, essay
subtitle : Story#202010061242
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Happiness
 - everyday
 - essay
date : 2020-10-06T12:42:07+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1566670829022-315601be23e5?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
There was cold rice. The amount is not small, so I decide to eat it, take it out for a while, then take an appropriate amount and move it to a rice bowl, but seeing the grain of rice that has cooled down and is aging in progress makes me feel special. Is it a problem that I don't make fun of the passage of time, or should I resent Bob, who has not endured and changed his mind?  

The less heat gives strength to the rice and makes a bite size with a spoon. It should be said that it is suitable for the heat of the house and it is suitable for lukewarmness. There is no hot side dish in moderation. The lunch midday meal consisting of all-in-one kim-style side dishes flowed like that.  

When I put it in my mouth and chew it, I think of something like a debut. When I was through this kind of thing again, I couldn't remember it well, so when I slowly chew it, I think of my daily routine in one summer, more than 20 years ago. My mother cooked a lot of breakfast in the summer and gave us cold rice for lunch. At that time, I thought it happened, but when I came back to now when I was cooking my own rice, it seems that it was my mother's own discouragement that I had to endure in the heat of the hot summer midday.  

I forgot about the summer in my cold rice.  

When I couldn't endure the heat and felt like I was wearing my clothes raggedly, I remember that cold rice was good to cool off the heat. At that time, looking back on the day that was just that, I was still happy. Now that I realize that the mediocrity, neither very special nor very sad, was in the end a piece of happiness. So is it? It's been a while since I've eaten cold rice, and now I think about it, and when I live alone, I don't know if I crave such warm rice and hate cold rice too much.  

Happiness in the mouth, as if it was moderately cool and moderately warm. Wasn't it like this cold rice that there were days when I didn't have to laugh out loud and I wasn't sad? So, I don't know if I've been craving for hot rice and thought that I had to eat special every time. As if you think everything should be full of happiness. I just look back to see if the words'cold rice' were in my head.  

Trying to contain everyday happiness.  

Clover is said to have different meanings depending on the number of leaves. People like four leaf clover among them. It's because I hope you'll have good luck with those four leaves. However, we don't take much of the word'ordinary happiness' in a clover with three leaves, which is common. The happiness of everyday life, as if the cold rice I ate today and the memory associated with it like a tail, is probably a joy that comes from the mediocrity of the 'three leaf clover'.  

Even though today's day goes by like this, I want to leave something in my mind that can be reminiscent of something like a debut. And someday, if time passes and I am reminded of doing something like today's cold rice, I might think of myself and feel happy even for a moment.