---
title : Corona, everyday, parenting
subtitle : Story#202010131603
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - everyday
 - parenting
date : 2020-10-13T16:03:01+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1583324113626-70df0f4deaab?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
On the vacation, the teacher prepares for the next semester. Prepare an evaluation plan by deciding at what speed the progress will be made, what units will be produced for the exam, and how the percentage of performance evaluation and written evaluation will be made. The performance evaluation scoring criteria that students are interested in, or the ratio of the written evaluation narrative reflection, are already discussed before the semester begins.  

I am a low-experience teacher who has only developed an evaluation plan four times, but I have never made progress in the order of textbooks. At the beginning of the semester, a unit that is interesting and able to sell a subject called Korean is arranged. For example, in the first hour of March, we pulled the "Everyday of Reading" unit located at the end of the first semester and created a reading calendar to promote recommended books. Attach it. Immediately before the exam, place a heavy and focused unit. Mainly, the grammar unit wins.  

And last year and this year, I was in the second year of junior high school, and in April, I deliberately assigned the unit of ‘Communicating and Conversing. Of course it was because of April 16th.  

At the start of a new unit, I wrote eight large letters on the board. Without Corona 19 this year, I would have had luck with this writing in Korean language class on April 16th.  

What is empathy  

He plays the video of the entertainment program "The Return of Superman". Go Ji-yong and his 3-year-old son Seung-jae, who go to a folk village to play, meet Gakseol, crying out loud and hungry. When the two unfamiliar uncles cried, Seung-jae cried together saying don't cry. Rather, the critics are confused. When asked, "Is Seung-jae hungry?"  

When I see a smile on my 15-year-old face looking at the video, I don't miss it and ask.  

"Is Seungjae crying even though it's not his job?"  

Answer no children. "So what did you feel while watching this video?" After hearing several answers, he asks, "What would I say to feel the feelings of others like Seungjae?" When the word you want comes up, you nod and turn the PPT slides.  

### Sympathy  

How you feel about other people's feelings, opinions, arguments, etc.  

Ask who you think is more empathetic, male or female. Most of them put their hands on women. Asked if a woman was born with high empathy ability and if it can improve empathy ability. Children's answers are different.  

“Is there anyone in this world who can live alone?  

I affirm that no one can live alone. We live together. And school is a place where students learn the basic skills necessary to live together in a society.  

What is the unit name we will learn from today? That's right, it's "Conversation with Empathy" If empathy was born and couldn't be learned, like looks or talent, it wouldn't have appeared in textbooks.  

We can certainly learn empathy."  

Ask who is the friend in our class who empathizes well. Ask what they say or do that they feel they are empathizing with. The three ways to empathize and communicate, which we will learn next time, are briefly ‘expressing interest (that’s right)’, ‘restatement (because I did ~)’, and ‘sharing one's own experience (I've done ~)’. Introduce.  

Empathy is not innate, it is effort. → Efforts to figure out what kind of feelings the other person will be  

After explaining so far, he glances at his watch and asks, "Oh, but what month and what day is it today?" When someone says "April 16th!", they ask, "What happened on April 16th?" The children respond coldly, "It's Sewol." Children's voices are especially louder when they bring out stories outside the textbook.  

"That day, anyone knows how many people didn't come back?"  

Children number them as they might guess. No one fits. I write two numbers on the board.  

"299, and 5"  

Deliberately paused for a while and then shut up.  

"299 were found dead, and 5 were still not found."  

He said it was a book that the teacher read a few days ago, and pulled out a book written by the 416 Sewol Disaster writers' Archives, “The Day Knocked on Our Window – Fostering Records of Families Crossing the Time of the Sewol”. The parts I wanted to read together were posted with yellow flags everywhere.  

Among them, after the funeral, he spreads his clothes in the sun to find the traces of the child, and finally finds 8 hairs and divides them into 4 pieces.  

In the interview, I read the story of my father who answered, "As much as Se-young was popular with friends, I will work harder to become a dad who doesn't curse. So, I want to come to my dad's dream often."  

In Gwanghwamun, his son Jun-young wears a name tag and fights with the policeman, and the policeman says, "Mother, I’m Jun-young, too."  

I read the story of my grandfather who said, "Why are you standing with something like that?"  

Then turn the PPT slides. Along with the yellow ribbon picture, there is a sentence saying,'If I don't tell, I don't know.'  

"Teacher and our Minhee are sitting together and having a conversation. Minhee is crying. The teacher inside thinks that Minhee, what should we do, it's going to be sad, but she sits crouching with her arms folded and frowning. Is that sympathy?  

You said that empathy is hard work, not innate? Likewise, you need to express empathy. No matter how much you sympathize inside, you don't know if you look at another place or stand back. Empathy is to express. What do citizens wear to express sympathy even in the Sewol ferry disaster?  

Yes. It's a yellow ribbon. Years have passed, but at that time the survivors, survivors' families, friends, colleagues, and neighbors are still unforgettable. But when I see a person with a yellow ribbon on the subway or on the street, he says,'He still sympathizes with my pain.' You have to express it to know.  

Look here, today the teacher brought a yellow ribbon. It was made by volunteers at the Yellow Ribbon Workshop. It is not required, and if you have any friends you need, come to the front after today's class. I will give them one by one."  

I picked up an envelope containing about 100 yellow ribbons that I applied for and delivered.  

Turn off the lights and listen to "Song of April" organized by the 416 Sympathy Committee in a dark classroom. 90 citizens gathered and said,'April is not the old April to me. Now the sea is not the sea of the past to me.' Some cry, and I bite my lips to stop crying.  

“Finally, I would like to read a verse from critic Hwang Hyeon-san, which my teacher likes, “Night is a teacher.”  

For some, the time to see before your eyes is the present, but for some, the pain that nobi suffered during the Joseon Dynasty is also the present.  

Whether aesthetically or politically, the quality of a person's sensibility seems to depend on how thick that person's present is.  

The teacher wants you to become'a person with a strong present'."  

The bell rings in time and says, "This is the end of today's class. Nice to meet you today!" Most of the children come out to the school table and reach out. I sense a quiet child, a mischievous child, a wriggling child, a child with a mysterious rolling eye, and a variety of children, and my hands are yellow and busy.  

At that moment, the moment I feel that my heart has been conveyed through 45-minute classes, I really seem to have become a teacher.  

This year, on April 16th, the online school opened. The day was tight, so I couldn't say anything that wasn't required. Even the carefully created evaluation plan was completely overturned when the online school was confirmed. It seemed that the children would be confused if the teacher was unable to look at the students face-to-face and scrambled the progress of the textbook. In the end, I decided to start with Unit 1 in turn.  

When I imagined Korean life without Corona 19, the current situation is even more cramped. I feel the importance of everyday life. In the end, I realized that the various changes I was trying to do were only possible with my daily life. When my daily life returns, I firmly pledge to greet me more happily, study textbooks hard, and have fun with my kids.