---
title : Daily life, health, fashion
subtitle : Story#202010131533
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - health
 - fashion
date : 2020-10-13T15:33:00+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1582560474992-385ebb9b29a4?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
In a superhero movie, the protagonist wears a mask. At this time, the purpose of the mask is not to expose the identity by covering the upper part of the face. Moreover, since the words of the protagonist are important, the lower tube of the mask is open. This is because, only when the mouth is exposed, the villain can hear the famous metabolism such as Geumgwaokjo with the correct pronunciation.  

Modern people these days also wear masks. However, it is quite different from that of a superhero. Cover your mouth and expose the upper part of your face. Modern people should not bounce their head when speaking. When you sneeze, you need to be covered even more. This is all thanks to the new coronavirus. No, it is because. (Fine dust is also included.) The virus, which was born in Wuhan, China, has changed the lifestyles of not only Korea but also people around the world. You have to cover your face. Masks that I didn't want or wanted became essential items in my daily life.  

Everyone is looking for a mask. Masks that I only looked for when there was a lot of fine dust or when I had a cold became rare. The price of masks, which were usually easily available, has risen, and even obtaining them is not easy. Like buying tickets for BTS concerts, it is popular to sell canteens. This is not a simple phenomenon, but the level of the fourth wave beyond the third wave that futurist Alvin Toffler said.  

Among the three basic elements of human life, clothing, clothing, and shelter, masks were included. Humans wore clothes to cover or protect themselves. This is to avoid cold and hurt. Here, I add a virus to the list to avoid. Your face must be covered to protect your body from viruses.  

A mask came into the area of the item that covers the body, that is, the area of fashion. Modern people consider the KF value in addition to the soft fit of the mask. First, we will consider securing the quantity of masks and the effects of quarantine. However, as you get used to this, you will consider the aesthetics of the mask. If this is the case, you will find a mask that suits your coordination, and you will choose a mask to bring out your personality. If you can't avoid wearing a mask, you have to enjoy it. If the value is the same, the red mask.  

In 2017-2018, the New York Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art (MoMA) presented a list of 111 contemporary fashion items at the fashion exhibition (Items: Is Fashion Modern?). Among them, the 95th item is the Surgical Mask. The exhibition, organized from the history of medical masks made in the mid-16th century, introduced masks as a modern fashion item. I can't help but say that masks are now part of fashion.  

Masks are expected to occupy a large share in the realm of fashion. Masks will one day take over as a solid part of the fashion category, creating a mask editing shop, like a shoe store and a hat store. If you can't avoid it, enjoy it, it wouldn't suit you, but as the situation is so, those who are moving fast among fashionistas may already be preparing a mask editing shop.  

Wash your hands and wear a mask. And look for a mask that suits your look. Or look for a look that goes well with the mask. It won't be easy right now, but if the trend of the times is like that, fashion will also have to change.