---
title : I-do Artist Competition, Vegetarian, Meat Restaurant
subtitle : Story#202010131611
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - I-do Artist Competition
 - Vegetarian
 - Meat Restaurant
date : 2020-10-13T16:11:18+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1520327384502-21a778132497?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
These are some of the common questions vegetarians hear.  

“But, did you hate meat from the beginning?”  

In my case, I really liked eating meat, and I had a lot of opportunities to eat it. Because when I was young, I was the child of “I want to be born as a child of a meat restaurant next time” that my classmates envy the most. For such physical reasons, there are always more or less meat dishes on our table. It is true that people who have eaten meat know the taste, and even after I became independent from my parents, I used to look for meat and eat it. I felt that I had to eat meat to eat well.  

The reason why I, who loved meat like this, was able to become a vegetarian began with the suggestion of my current spouse, JB. About three months after dating, JB, my lover, made an offer to me.  

“When we eat together, why don’t we just try vegetarian?”  

At the time, I was interested in books and broadcasts about vegetarianism, and there were many vegetarian friends around me. Sometimes I thought that being vegetarian would be good for my body. Above all, there is a reason not to do it when a lovely lover is together. Anyway, it seems that at the time, I had more reasons to do than to not.  

Whenever I met my partner for about a year, I became an intermittent vegetarian diet. When I think about it now, it seems that my body didn't take it as an unreasonable change because I didn't change every meal to a vegetarian diet, and on the day I was vegetarian, I felt light. I felt that the occasional vegetarian diet was quite acceptable.  

This time I'm going to tell you a different story. From the time I was talking, various animals including dogs have been with my family as a family. I still live with three cats, Madame, Audrey, and Coincidence. The reason why I suddenly talk about animals is because I can't stop talking about animals when I tell the story of what made me decide to be a vegetarian, not an intermittent vegetarian diet.  

Before living with animals, I think I liked the baby animals on the broadcast because they were cute and pretty. Even when I was in elementary school, I used to buy and collect baby dog postcards. At that time, my father brought the dog home with an acquaintance who said that he had a dog in danger of being thrown away from drinking. It was the moment my dream came true. However, unlike my young imagination that it would be pretty like a doll, there were many things to take care of. I had to take my rice every time, and if I didn't wash it often, it smelled, so I had to give it a bath. It was a creature that had to be given for a walk, and that the family had to reach from one to ten. After taking care of it, playing and living together, the dog naturally became my family and younger brother.  

Before living with animals, I think I liked the baby animals on the broadcast because they were cute and pretty. Even when I was in elementary school, I used to buy and collect baby dog postcards. At that time, my father brought the dog home with an acquaintance who said that he had a dog in danger of being thrown away from drinking. It was the moment my dream came true. However, unlike my young imagination that it would be pretty like a doll, there were many things to take care of. I had to take my rice every time, and if I didn't wash it often, it smelled, so I had to give it a bath. It was a creature that had to be given for a walk, and that the family had to reach from one to ten. After taking care of it, playing and living together, the dog naturally became my family and younger brother.  

From the first day of my service, I became close with Yellowy, who has a good attachment called “hope” among many dogs. Now, when I think of my wish to go to heaven, my heart still feels like I sent my friend first. She was a friend who came to her eyes and showed aegyo. He was curious, so he often tilted.  

When I was about to say goodbye to the dogs after my service at the Abandoned Dog Center for the first time, Somang came to me and kept making eye contact as if he knew I was leaving. It wasn't particularly aegyo. It was like saying,'Thank you for the strokes.' Tears did not stop on the way home, leaving behind the dogs and Hope who gave me all my heart for only four hours of service. I sincerely hated the people who easily bought pets and discarded them irresponsibly, so I cried out loud for a long time.  

On the day I became in touch with Somang-i, I felt strongly that I had to stop eating meat.  

Putting you can interact with people carefully, even wood! Love the organic dog or cat, why look livestock animal, pigs and chickens, cows also stuck would not wonhajin life just waiting for death, and they would not have what I differ from dogs yeogyeotdeon my brother. It led to the idea. "  

Meat, which I thought was only food, came to me as the flesh of living things.  

Some people laugh when they say this, asking if the children of the meat restaurant became vegetarian. As a child of a meat restaurant, the decisive reason why I decided to become a vegetarian is also because of 'animals', which makes me feel a little strange, and I think that there is something between animals and me.  

The beginnings of vegetarians will not all be like me. The reasons for starting anything are very different from person to person. I would like to share more consensus with those who are vegetarians, or those who are interested even if they are not vegetarians. The following article will tell you the stories of people who have become vegetarians for different reasons.