---
title : Travel, travel, everyday
subtitle : Story#202010131433
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Travel
 - travel
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-13T14:33:39+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1414438992182-69e404046f80?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
The final scene of the travel story is always an open ending. I have a question.  

'Yes, travel is great. It's fun, and I have a lot of enlightened wisdom. Okay, but how do I live when I return to my daily life after my trip?  

I'm curious about the backstory, but at least no page in any page of the travel story I've read and seen tells the story of returning to life and living. People who have returned to their daily lives after traveling. It's as if you've never traveled before. Is it because I live a repeated life again? Leave right now. Is it a shield to avoid disturbing the overwhelming emotions that readers feel while reading travel stories? The obvious story that light and darkness shine brighter and darker when they coexist. Travel is more travel-like when there is daily life. So how do you travel in everyday life?  

'Travel around the world and write a book in my name'  

It was the life bucket list I dreamed of from my school days. From the summer of 17 to the summer of July 18, I left the Ireland Working Holiday for 365 days a year, traveled 20 days, 30 cities in 12 countries, and returned to Korea. He published a book about conversations with Korean international students he met in Dublin, Ireland. After the dream was fulfilled, there was no more dream to fulfill. Passion was exhausted. He used up all of his energy to get rid of it and was helpless.  

Why isn't there such a thing? Figure skating player Yuna Kim also ran to see only the gold medal, but after winning the gold medal  

There seemed to be no reason for life. I didn't achieve my dream with the world's attention as much as Kim Yu-na, but I held my own gold medal in my hand. It was difficult to run to see only that, so I didn't paint my life after that.  

After traveling, I published a book and came to school after two years. As if when he traveled, he returned from a traveler to 4th grade returning student Jang Chae-young. I met my friends after a long time. I was happy to have lived in Korea for 23 years and returned to my daily life because I lived abroad for only one year. Traveling and realizing that each person had their own speed, but when it appeared as a reality in front of me, my mind was busy. In Korea, if you are 25 years old, you will probably already have or are preparing for a job. To such friends, I once said that I was worried about the feeling of being empty after achieving all my goals.  

'Then, can we think of another bucket list?'  

The friend said. I began to write down one by one, remembering the happy me traveling in such a helpless daily life.  

'That's right, I wanted to listen to Siguar Ross music while watching the Northern Lights in Iceland, I wanted to go to the Glastonbury Festival in England, I wanted to go to the cafe where David Bowie frequented in Berlin, and I wanted to do yoga in India.”  

I had a variety of dreams that I couldn't choose because I couldn't do all of them in a limited time of one year living in Ireland. When I wrote it down one by one, I found out why I was helpless. Not all of the dreams were achieved, but they were mistaken as if they had all achieved. The muscles created during travel became the power to write down dreams in repetitive daily life. I realized that when those times I wrote down were filled with the water bottle of dreams, then I could go on a trip again.  

But I didn't wait for the water bottle to fill up. I also forgot that I had to pour water into the water bottle myself, not others. I remembered only my happy trips in the past, hit by repetitive daily life. Thankfully, the wisdom I gained on the road was accumulated and I appeared as a person next to me, a friend. Then he asked me one more dream.  

The regret, not regrets for the things that couldn't be chosen, turned everyday into courage. Returning to my daily routine didn't mean the trip was over. It wasn't until I realized that travel made me dream of another trip in my daily life.  

The city of dreams in the deep compartment in the drawer of my memories that I had closed for a long time,  

The drawer called Glastonbury was opened again.