---
title : Bicycle, ride, being
subtitle : Story#202010131450
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Bicycle
 - ride
 - being
date : 2020-10-13T14:50:51+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1583690829198-654a12b220f3?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
A couple of years ago, I watched Ingrid Bergman's biographical film alone late at night. After watching the movie, searching the Internet for her pictures, I saw a picture that made my heart awake.  

The day was terribly bright, and he started to arrange a bicycle by making a group talk saying,'Raise the hand of a person with a bicycle.' The answer came that there are two bikes for beginners at home. First, I watched the video of riding a bicycle for the first time and took a lesson.  

The bicycle house is about 5 minutes away by car, and there is an empty lot as large as a playground inside the breakwater. It's a place where you can practice along the sea.  

After everything was prepared, I informed the people around me. It is important to make a rumor about the neighborhood. This is one way to prevent you from taking your feet out because you want to quit on the way. The difficulty was wrong. The opposition was extreme. At our age, it was '6 months of casts'. Besides, I didn't speak to my husband.  

Even so, I couldn't break my willingness to capture only Ingrid Bergman's graceful, leisurely bike ride, and hope to possess her.  

October 17, 2018.  

I started on the road of self-taught by bicycle.  

In the video, I told you to sit on a bicycle on a very gentle downhill, do not step on the pedals, but straighten your legs and go down, starting with the center.  

I practiced a few times like that, but on the first day I put my foot on the pedals and couldn't even roll the wheel.  

From the third day, I went straight. When I first practiced, no matter how much I wanted to ride, it didn't take more than 20 minutes. I was going to go slowly without being greedy. There was no reason to learn quickly. Isn't it possible to meet the Buddha of'Six Months of Gibbs' in an instant because I am full of motivation?  

That's how I was able to ride for 20 to 30 minutes and 1 hour.  

On the 1st anniversary, I made a round trip to the Gyeongju Bomun Complex, and on the 3rd anniversary, I made a plan to travel around Jeju Island, and my dreams swelled. I was so obsessed with cycling that I waited for the time to ride every day. Last year, I went around Bomun Lake. Next year, I hope that the trip will be a little free so I can go around Jeju Island.  

When I was able to go all the streets, my husband got caught. The bike owner's uncle met my husband on the street and said that I was very young, but I ride a bicycle very well.  

If I had told you in advance, I would have opposed the decision, but I was forced to be careful and said a word.  

I have my bike now, but I don't ride well. First of all, it was because the weather was too hot and there was too much to read.  

My husband started watching me ride a bicycle from the side. Unlike me, my husband rides two or three hours a day these days.  

Yesterday, while having lunch, he asked why he wasn't riding a bicycle these days.  

My husband has an extraordinary skill in turning a hobby into work.  

My bike ride is for me to be happy. It is intended to have a moderate speed, moderate rest and enjoyment. When I want to be a little lighter by diluting my loneliness or sadness, I just want to push it forward with both legs. My husband, who doesn't reveal my heart, wonders why he doesn't do anything regularly if he starts anything.  

Not so long ago, I thought I was going out and dying. It was to go somewhere to buy lunch and come. He said how long it would take, about two and a half to three hours. I used to ride for only an hour, but I thought I could do that. Somehow, it was a course that took five hours to return.  

I came home and screamed.  

"The only person I want to possess is Ingrid Bug, not Kim Bok-dong!"  

Compared to my husband's bicycle, which moves every day, my bicycle is standing in a corner of the yard and resting. Would I want to run too?  

I have to ask you today. But... Somehow, my bike seems to know my heart.  

Even if I think about it now, learning to ride a bicycle at that time was a good thing. Being able to ride anytime I want to ride means that the possibilities are open.