---
title : Essay, love, everyday
subtitle : Story#202010131615
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Essay
 - love
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-13T16:15:25+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1589210939235-93758555321a?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Promise: I'll keep it. In the new year, check out the goals you didn't achieve in the past year and write down what you want to do in the new year. Regardless of your performance, it's easy to follow this routine. So I am fortunate that there is a Lunar New Year. If the first month of the New Year has gone unconventionally, you can comfortably say that the New Year is from New Year's Day. When I asked a lot of people around me how they wanted to live, more than half said 'What plan? Why do you do that?' It was a shock.  

Without such a thing, I feel like I'm going on my first trip without a navigation, but everyone doesn't get lost and goes well. Besides, some added: 'So what's better for you? Didn't you keep the plan? Look, it's useless to squeeze it.' Yes. I'm still holding on to the plans 10 years ago. Dragging without being able to put it down or complete it. Musical instruments, foreign languages, sports, and drinking alcohol have been built for 5 years.  

The accumulated unfinished goals and new goals were added, resulting in too many plans. From the beginning of the year, as I saw my heart rush, there was also a shake that the unplanned person seems to be living better with confidence. After the conversation, people began teaching me. I could say that there are some races that manage anxiety with a plan, but I fell flat. Once you lie on your face, a lot of things accumulate on your back.  

Instead of protesting, I am still living well. It's great. Eventually, meetings and questions that started with the good purpose of 'how to have a good New Year' were 'You still lived stupidly. So, I'm still in this shape now.' Self-esteem plummeted. It was sad. You lived really hard, but you are treating yourself as a fool. Dare to cut me down and exalt others. So, after several New Year's meetings, I put a'promise' at the top of the 2020 schedule, not a plan. Make sure that no one, including yourself, will shame you down. Strangely, it's harder than I thought to live as I am. So, I promised to protect myself more actively.  