---
title : USA, Corona, Everyday
subtitle : Story#202010131527
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - USA
 - Corona
 - Everyday
date : 2020-10-13T15:27:49+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1591626038185-cffe4d799e87?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
The situation seems to be changing rapidly from day to day, but how much is real life changing?  

There were many changes in the environment over the past week,  

No one can predict when and how the mood will change.  

I want to talk about the part I feel with my body right now in my situation where it is a sound passing by even when I see the news, and even when I see an article, it is black.  

This is a part I felt very personally, so I hope there is no misunderstanding.  

1. Mart: I feel that things are a little more stable this week than in the last story. However, there are still no missing items, and there are also items that are beginning to be invisible.  

Stable: Milk, eggs, etc. have a limited purchase quantity, but things are starting to appear.  

You can also buy water. Instead, it was hard to see a sale like before Corona 19.  

Unstable: Toilet paper is difficult to see. When you hear the news that it is resting in the morning, you have no items. Hand sanitizer, disinfecting wipes, and alcohol are also invisible products.  

New: It seems that vinyl and nitrile gloves are starting to be invisible. I can't see the large capacity, but the small capacity remains, but I think I will have to watch more about when it will disappear or the stock has run out only the day I went.  

Besides that, I continue to feel that many things are in demand rather than supply.  

Also, although it varies from mart to mart, employees are eagerly cleaning the cart handle with something.  

2. Road: It feels very personal, but it feels like the number of moving vehicles has decreased. On the way to the mart, there aren't many cars than usual. The lack of a car on the road feels like a story that people aren't moving well.  

3. Gloves Mask: Not many people use it, but you can see it little by little.  

A disposable mask is also visible, and a cloth mask is also visible. Sometimes industrial masks are also visible.  

And I sometimes see people wearing plastic gloves.  

I can see the mask, but I wanted to wear gloves too, so I put the last large-capacity product in the mart into the cart.  

(It is said that there are cases of contagion from mart handles and lubricators. And gas stations are self-contained in the US. They say that there is a place to put them somewhere, but I have never seen them.)  

4. Restaurant: You cannot eat inside the restaurant. Pick up, Delivery, Drive Through only.  

5. Vacation: I said that there is a spring break in the US, but the vacation is getting longer.  

3.24~3.27 → 3.18~4.12 → 3.18~4.27, a weekly vacation has passed a month. (It seems to change depending on the situation. I hope it will be shortened even by one day.)  

6. Corona 19 Test Center: As I passed by the hospital in the neighborhood, I saw the sign of the Corona 19 test station. It is only possible if there is an opinion that a doctor should examine it, but a laboratory has been established in the neighborhood.  

7. Executive Order: Exercise, shop for items you need at home, pick up food, ask you to stay at home except in the hospital. It seems to me that working from outside is not required, or to work from home. This is a call today.  

I wrote down what I felt with my body for two days, and it seems like a lot.  

I wrote down what I felt with my body for two days, and it seems like a lot....  

It seems that both adults and children keep feeling stuffy because they are only in the house.  

However, the principle was set.  

1. Don't talk outside as much as possible  

2. Don't talk when other people pass by  

3. wipe your hands before getting into the car  

4. Wash your hands when you come home  

5. Do not touch with your hands around your face before washing your hands at home  

This is the outing rule we set. It may not be perfect, but first of all we are working on it because I think we should try as much as possible. Even if I go for a walk, I try to avoid crowded places as much as possible.  

Yesterday was about 46,000 people, but today it is over 52,000. It's a terrifying rate of increase, and I hope it doesn't go up further in the ranks now.  

Tomorrow, whether it is a cure or a vaccine, I would be very happy if I could see an article saying that the vaccine was successful.  

The process is important, but I think this is a special situation where we need results now.  

I sincerely hope that the changed daily life will return to the previous daily life.