---
title : Travel, trace, essay
subtitle : Story#202010131636
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Travel
 - trace
 - essay
date : 2020-10-13T16:36:28+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/uploads/14128324071271c853818/3765c625?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
My sixth self-catering where people took precedence over memories of home. If you only recall your home, the sun set in the morning with the large window between the living room and balcony. I put coffee powder in milk, and I sat in front of the table and read a book with my back in the sun.  

After graduating from a language school, it was time to spare. I was spending time contemplating when to return to Korea, but my life there was good, so I acted like a person overflowing with money and time. In the morning, after reading a book and drinking coffee, I had lunch with Flat Mate A, who came from work in the morning. When that friend goes back to work for the afternoon work, he is ready to wash out. I go to the library, about 10 minutes away from home, browse through the books I want to read, and spend dark time choosing books to study. Then I took a walk. The sea was only less than 10 minutes away from the library, and there was a plaza near the sea, so I sat down on the grass to write or read. When it was time for Flat Mate B to go home, we went shopping together, waited for Flat Mate C to go home, and ate dinner together. When I was eating, my friend, Flatmate A, who went to work in the afternoon, comes home and has a late night snack. After chatting for a long time, it's late at night and each enters the room. I organized my day, kept my diary, listened to the radio, and fell asleep.  

It was a really healthy lifestyle. There were people to be with, parks to spend time with, and many places to travel. Lived as if on a long trip. If you go on a trip, don't you try to enjoy the moment without considering the money you spend or what you should do in the future? So, my body became healthy without my knowledge. In other words, you have gained weight. I drank beer every night, ate fatty meat, and went to the kiwi's house to hang out and had a barbecue party. I have no choice but to gain weight. Nevertheless, I was healthy. Is it because the mind also gained weight by enjoying the relaxation? It felt as though the worrisome doll that had lived so far was thrown away. The money issue was still a headache. The merit of the trip had already disappeared. However, after fleeing from the real world, even though he suffered from financial problems, he ran around downtown Auckland with a healthy mind. It is part of the diary at the time.  

“The sea is behind me and the sun is very hot, but it is above me. Thanks to this, the sky is blue. A strong breeze blows from the sea as if worrying about the hot sun. The people on the picnic are exuding energy just by eating and making noise. Inside, I drink coffee and keep a diary, as if I had been doing small things on a trip someday, as if it were a daily life. I am not doing it, I am spending my daily life like traveling."  

“I wanted to postpone my graduation and employment. I didn't want to study for my major and get a job. So, for a plausible reason to study English, I got out of my daily life. I believe that life in Auckland, starting with travel and becoming a daily routine, is still a travel. Because there is a place to go back and you have to face reality when you go back. And, above all, there is a lot new here. I will try it all. I will feel it, remember it, and go back. I believe I'm on a long trip.”  

As I wrote in my diary, I spent my time as if on a long trip. That time was responsible for my health. Together, they learned how to live with leisure. I made up my mind to live slowly instead of whipping me, and decided to go on a trip whenever an unstable mentality came. Realizing that the worry doll in my head disappears when I travel.  

Now that I can't go on a trip to my heart's content, I'm in trouble because I can't implement my own solution to deal with stress, and I hope that the situation will improve quickly and everyone can roam freely. May the way to lift the weight of worries and reality, as well as me, give freedom and liberation to all who travel.