---
title : Travel, essay, publishing writer
subtitle : Story#202010131625
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Travel
 - essay
 - publishing writer
date : 2020-10-13T16:25:54+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1510663228452-83fb830ec1d6?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Water is the most important thing in life. India was the first place I felt this. It's a place to stay for a while as a traveler  

I like a country where I can safely drink tap water. When asked where you want to live in old age, you answer that it is a country where water is abundant and you can drink tap water. The water must be abundant. At one time, I thought I wanted to live in India, and although I lived for over 6 months, there were many places where water was not abundant.  

Deserts in Rajasthan, India are not grasslands like Mongolia, but deserted sands like Egypt. Among them, Udaipur  

Udaipur is a beautiful lakeside city with a fairly large lake, although it belongs to the desert. As soon as I arrived here after a wild tour in the barren desert and saw a lake full of water, I don't know how much I was grateful for its existence. Udaipur was an oasis in the desert, completely different from Jaisalmer, who arrived on a night train from Delhi after 1 night and 2 days with the fantasy of a desert tour. I still miss the peaceful sunlight and sound of water in Udaipur Lake.  

In fact, the Indian desert was shocking, unlike imagination. Needless to say, the night train was delayed until it arrived, and when it arrived, it was not an environment in which people could live. Receive the hot desert sun like a light, break stones and build a house with ease ◉-Chapati. As a representative staple food in India, I couldn't keep my mouth shut by the people who were baking a type of unfermented bread made of wheat flour and not baked in a fire oven, but with fragrant and calorie bread such as wheat bread. As a stranger, all I could do was press the camera shutter.  

'Where is the beautiful desert?'  

The desert is just dry. Anyone whose life feels dry should go to the desert. If the natural environment is dry, the Indian desert gives the answer to how badly it can be. You have to stand in the desert and see how choking and uninteresting it is to live like that.  

What I realized with my whole body while crossing the Indian desert is the value of water. When there is water, we do not know the value. I go to the desert too  

I realized it desperately. A desert tour is literally an experiential trip across the desert while camping on the sand. When I sleep at night, I thought that I would even set up a tent to cover the sky, just like in Mongolia's Gobi Desert, but I just spread a sheet of cloth on the sand and sleep. Although the heat of the sand heated during the day remains, it quickly gets cold at night. In the desert, the night is winter, even in February, the daytime sun is hot, but it was too cold at night. The temperature doesn't seem to drop below freezing, but how cold it was. So, I had to wear a winter parka and sleep warmly in my sleeping bag.  

“With the Milky Way in the night sky,  

Sleep comfortably under the moonlight and starlight blankets.”  

On the first day, it was hard enough to not sleep because people could not wash as usual. However, after a day or two and three days pass, realistic yo  

The old items are also given up on their own. You can think of it as a human beast that walks on two legs. You have to adapt yourself to desert life so that you can eat with your mouth, walk with your legs, and fall asleep anywhere. People don't have to do things in a few days, but the water from camels, an important means of transportation in the desert, must be taken care of. When the water he had ran out, he visited the middle oasis and considered the camels to eat them. In the desert, camels are very special.  

It is as diverse as the desert nights, the numerous sunrises and the daily scenery. Although the image of a traveler looking at the beautiful nature has become messy as it is, the feeling of a desert trip is that the mind can feel the perfect peace. There, everyone learns on their own. That we lived with so much. Like camels, people can live with only the water they need to survive. How much are humans possessed and obsessed with? The Indian desert tour gave me a lot of my gratitude for the water and let me put down. Since this trip, I have never used water in vain. So, there is something added to his tough personality, so when he sees a person washing their hands with long running water in a public toilet or wasting water in a public bath, he will nag. When I don't want to even talk, I turn off the water first without the other person's permission. That's because the water they let go so briefly is the amount of water that the desert can use throughout the day to survive.  

Water is not just water.  