---
title : Social distancing campaign, walking, everyday, river
subtitle : Story#202010131439
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Social distancing campaign
 - walking
 - everyday
 - river
date : 2020-10-13T14:39:50+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1598815795038-362a8a12b21a?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
It was a routine to walk or run on the treadmill for about 30-40 minutes from 4:30 pm. After the gym was closed due to social distancing, for a while, instead of exercising at that time, I read or wrote.  

On the afternoon of last Wednesday, I went out for the first time outside to do a workout. I walked about three and a half hours along Dorimcheon in the direction of meeting Anyangcheon. It was a little difficult, but the feeling of walking along the river next to the closed cherry blossom path was refreshing in its own way. It wasn't crowded, but people wearing masks and doing walks or walking exercises were quite noticeable. I could see small wildflowers along the road and wild ducks in the river, which I couldn't see while riding a bicycle in the middle of the day. People are walking around the sky feeling this way! It was a different feeling from when I was riding on a bicycle.  

This afternoon, I followed Dorimcheon toward Seoul National University and walked in the opposite direction from last week. It seemed a little more touched than the Anyangcheon side. A bird with a long neck, a crane or a crane? A little shorter bird, not a duck, maybe a cormorant? You can see these birds in downtown Seoul! Looking around the bird, there were quite a few large carp or crucian carp, and there were quite a few small fish that looked like pyramids or killifish. In addition, optical illusion murals were painted in various places to take pictures around the river.  

I have lived in this town for 10 years, so why didn't I know it before? Before I walked past this road, I saw scenery that I did not know. On the treadmill, the only thing to do was exercise and study English and turn on CNN, BBC, or Arirang. What I felt and gained while walking along the river was the harmony of nature and artificiality, clear and fresh air, energy from bright people, and vitamin D from sunlight.  

Why did you stay on the treadmill that would come out soon? Had it not been for a social distancing campaign, I would have been running on a treadmill at this moment.  

Don't be swung over by Corona Blue! When you change your mind, your daily life changes, and when you change your daily life, a happier life awaits.