---
title : Yeongam, travel, family travel
subtitle : Story#202010131547
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Yeongam
 - travel
 - family travel
date : 2020-10-13T15:47:02+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1515861209048-dae6a1e1ed56?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I went on a family trip to Yeongam. Yeongam, Jeollanam-do, is the mother's hometown. Last year, I went to Yecheon, Gyeongsangbuk-do, my father's hometown, so I visited my mother's hometown this time. It is said that someone praised him as a very democratic family. Surely my family has that side.  

Yeongam is about 350km from Uijeongbu, where the main family is located. It takes about 4 hours and 30 minutes by car to reach it. I was able to arrive without getting tired because I drove with my father. First I went to my mother's hometown. His name is Banali Village. Spacious houses and expansive rice fields spread over the site, and Wolchulsan Mountain stood tall.  

My mother seemed to be embarrassed by the slightly changed road and environment. Still, he immediately found the site and found your uncle's house. My father also traced the memories of the past when he came with his mother. My uncle's grandfather was not at home, so he contacted me and looked around. My mother seemed to remember her childhood. In addition, I also felt better.  

When I saw my uncle's grandfather, I imagined it would be like this if my mother was with my father (maternal grandfather). Perhaps my mother didn't even think of her maternal grandfather. I was grateful to my uncle's grandfather because I thought I would see a maternal grandfather I had never seen before. I felt good for my handsome and correct appearance. On the way out to eat peaches I bought, my uncle grandfather gave me 10,000 won in my hand. How can I spend this money? It was a moment when the amount of money did not represent its value. It was only 10,000 won, but it was more important than anything else.  

After that, my maternal grandfather and maternal grandmother went to oxygen. He was in such a mountain as if no one had found it. My mother said that the mountain village around it was the hometown of my maternal grandfather. I thought that then there would have been more people than now. I climbed the mountain while removing weeds and vines with two sickles. It wasn't harder than I thought to go up. However, thanks to the weather when the heat wave warning was in effect, the families who arrived in oxygen shed sweat like rain. Even in such a situation, I saw you after a long time and did not know that it was hot to see you again. The words I wanted to give to my maternal grandfather and maternal grandmother came out as a monologue. My mother can't even imagine how much she wanted to see her parents. Even in an area 400km away, can you understand the heart of a mother who was struck by life with her parents enshrined in a deep mountain? It was really hot, but I didn't want to go down. I wanted to stay for a while. I came down when I really couldn't hold on.  

I decided to go to a cafe, cool off, and go to Haenam Ttangeom Village through a family meeting. While coming to Yeongam, the opinion was adopted to go to the ends of the earth. It's a really democratic family. Although the opinion came from the meeting, I really thought when I would go to the southernmost tip of the land in Korea.  

Everyone in the family was desperate to wash away with sweat, but when I entered Haenam Ttanggeum Village, I saw the picturesque Haemu and went straight to the monorail. The view of the sea and the sea mud as I climbed up the monorail and then climbed was a wonderful scenery. How does the mist get in the middle of the sea in broad daylight? It was fascinating to see Haemu, which I only heard in words. I was happy and happy to see my family wondering together. So I took a lot of pictures. Taking a lot of pictures proves a desire to keep a good memory.  

I came down and washed everything at the dorm and went to eat abalone maeuntang and abalone porridge. Everyone was hungry for a late dinner. The taste was more than expected. Maybe it was because I was so hungry, but it was really delicious. There are also amazing snacks, so I had a drink with my family. I came on a trip, I felt good, it was fun, and it was delicious, so I drank a little more.  

I returned to the hostel. Father and sister asked to sleep if they were tired. So, my mother and the two had one more drink. Drinking and talking alone with your parents always makes you think differently. The positions of children and parents are different and there are many parts that cannot be understood. However, through a conversation while having a drink, it can be understood in a way that is somewhat superficial. As I listen to my parents' thoughts, I once again pledge and think about how I should live.  

There was not much time from the 2nd day. It is because I came too far by car from my hometown. It took about 5 hours and 30 minutes by car to reach Uijeongbu. It took about 3 hours and 30 minutes to Sejong, where I live. I had a leisurely morning and lunch schedule.  

In the morning, I went to Songho Beach. I soaked my feet in the sea for a while. The sea water was cool even in hot weather. Going into the sea is always exciting and pleasant. It is also thrilling to be in contact with the vast sea. They all laid a mat in the shade behind the sandy beach and lie down together. I made polite jokes and had everyday conversations. Certainly, travel is a taste of being with a loved one while viewing a nice view in a different environment than usual, even without something fancy.  

After lunch, I returned by driving a long distance. Driving with my family always feels good. It's a lie that it's not difficult, but you can be willing to do it anytime you want. I was very good at learning to drive.