---
title : Mom, everyday, heart
subtitle : Story#202010131539
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Mom
 - everyday
 - heart
date : 2020-10-13T15:39:32+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1508214406285-c765025445df?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
It is the 9th day after refraining from going out and staying inside the house. Of course, due to her husband's annual leave, she stayed at home for 7 days except for the days she spent two days at the beach on Thursdays and weekends.  

In the morning when a child wakes up with the alarm of “Mom Let’s play~~”, it’s difficult to wake up with “good sleep~ahhm~” and wake up comfortably. There is no longer a war-like morning to prepare to meet the deungwon vehicle time. It starts very peacefully. Actually, the child is fine, but the mother is in trouble.  

My stomach still hasn't forgotten the days when I sent my child to the daycare center and then baked bread and made coffee. The child wants to play, and the mother wants to eat. He eats three meals and moves in a space of about 30 pyeong and falls asleep without digesting it, and in the morning he becomes hungry again.  

Even today, I baked bread regardless of the child's doctor. If you're hungry, your nerves will sharpen even in small things. The logic that mothers should be hungry in order to play well with children was somehow convincing. Why did I remember at that time that my husband would like to feed his son bread coated with egg water and sprinkled with sugar? While the words lingered in my ears that the child might like them, I baked them according to my husband's recipe. The child drank only two glasses of grape juice, so the bread was my own. It didn't taste good...  

After the meal called only the mother's stomach ended, the water boiled and I made coffee. The bowls soaked in the water came into my eyes when I turned my back from the drip coffee poured with hot water three times. Instinctively, he wore rubber gloves. The coffee will cool down..  

I'm at home all day and it's not easy to play with my child, so every afternoon my child spends time away watching movies and reading books. After lunch, coffee interfered with sleep and moved to the morning, but what does that mean in everyday life? I quickly moved to the tumbler and put off today's morning coffee and started washing the dishes.  

It's good enough to get used to it in a week, but it's often an urge to go outside the front door when looking at the sky over the veranda. Well... was it because I couldn't go outside, was it because I was hungry, or was it because I wanted to drink warm coffee?  

In the middle of turning on the TV and writing alone, the child came to the mother. Absolutely lack of time alone. This is not something I can do. Like someone said, “I will plant an apple tree today even if the earth is destroyed tomorrow”, I have no choice but to do what I have to do. Two hours have already passed. It wasn't enough, but because I can't just rest, I get up.  

The coffee is already cold.