---
title: Daily life, habits, routine
subtitle : Story#202009150104
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - habits
 - routine
date : 2020-09-14T16:04:35+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1523500022518-803c5b2bd10b?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

The meeting is taking a break from the corona effect. Even though it's Saturday morning, I don't go to Gangnam, so my body is comfortable and my mind is empty. I didn't know when I was running hard, but when I paused and looked back, it's already been 5 years since I ran the meeting. I had never been late at that meeting. Thanks to the'routine' before the meeting. If the meeting is 11 o'clock, you will arrive in Gangnam an hour before. There are many things you can do in an hour. When I'm hungry, I eat, go to a cafe, prepare for a meeting, check past schedules, or read a book. Most of all, thanks to that time, I don't have to go to a panting meeting. Even when I worked as a developer at the former company, I went to work 30-40 minutes in advance to read books. Thanks to this, I wasn't late for the occasional car or oversleeping. There is no cafe nearby, so I read books at work, but many people around me were stimulated by my habit of reading books in the morning and headed to the cafe before going to work. Thanks to him, his reading volume increased.  

Depending on what kind of belongings you pack in your bag, you may not waste time wasting. Even if you don't read it often, if you carry a book with you, you can open the book for a while while waiting for an appointment, and at the end of the day, you can comfort yourself by going to a cafe and writing a reading note with a glass of sweet latte next to it. Sometimes, heavy belongings make the sinking feel lighter again.  

If you overslept on Saturday to relieve fatigue on weekdays, wake up early on Sunday. If you wake up late until Sunday, the day is a mess. Even if I got up late, I actually had a lot of time to spend. The mess is because of the feeling that I didn't start the day early. So it stretches forcefully to relieve the mood again. The drooping body and mind will begin to feel tired for the coming week. You don't just need a routine for work, exercise, or writing. Those who are in the mood for a break also need a routine. One day is enough to oversleep on the weekend.  

There are a lot of good things about having your own routine. You can start the morning in order without worrying about the trifles. ― Book "Words of Habit", Kim Eun-kyung  

A person who feels well is a person whose daily life is often shaken. Whenever they shake, they see others. There is a lot of interest in the'looking good things' that others are doing, but the time it takes to settle is seldom tolerated. However, what you really need to look at is yourself. In order to create a hard, unshakable daily routine, you must create your own routine, rather than continue putting new routines into your life. It's not that great a routine. The more trivial, the better. There are many things you can do with a little time each day.  

Just as my current laziness wasn't created in a single moment, there's no way a hard daily life is created at once. Even if it is trivial, it is bound to become hard when a lot of time is accumulated. From one day, the dust visible through the window frames did not suddenly accumulate. I was accumulating time when I carelessly opened and closed the door. It only began to appear when it was piled up quite a bit. Deciding to read one thick book is good, but rather, make a routine that reads 10 pages of the book you are reading every day. If you start reading a thick book when the amount of time invested in the routine has accumulated quite a bit, the likelihood of that decision will be made increases. From then on, daily life becomes an art of routine.  

A life that connects daily life and work. I like people who value everyday life and those who say that everyday life is more important. The art they make is better. Because real art is everyday. ― Book "Words of Attitude", Uhm Um-hye  

