---
title: Daily, extraordinary, corona
subtitle : Story#202009150357
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - extraordinary
 - corona
date : 2020-09-14T18:57:54+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1588346717858-f98acfdfd04e?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

An individual's extraordinary  

The things that bothered us the most while preparing for the wedding were extraordinary times. The process of preparing the ceremony was not routine, and I just kept busy day by day without spending the weekend like a weekend.  

Then, at the end of February, the wedding was postponed because of the coronavirus, but unintentionally, daily life returned to us.  

An extraordinary society  

But it was also for a while. The corona grew more and more, pressing the whole world. Again we couldn't have a normal routine. What has changed from before is that it is not an individual, but a social extraordinary. It has become difficult to go where you want to go and to meet people you want to see. It turns out that I haven't been on public transportation, and it's already been a month since I worked at home instead of at work.  

Was my inner desire exploded as I took away my everyday freedom? As the time at home was getting longer, it was to fill my heart in vain, or as if I was anxious to buy anything, I scrolled through shopping apps that I didn't usually see well, and fell into the internet looking for stuff to fill my house. I was depressed all day for no specific reason, perhaps because of that day. After telling him the trivial reasons and clues to ask him what happened, the biggest stake is that he eventually lost his freedom in his daily life.  

But what is daily life to me? If you think about it, I lived like a person living for the weekend. Every weekend, I thought about where to go, and it was my weekend routine to wander around, see, meet, eat and enjoy. I realized that the center of my daily life was always outside, not inside. In the meantime, I was only stimulating from the outside, and I myself could not be the center.  

My daily life centered on myself  

During the period of social distancing, I made up my mind that I would have to spend my daily life, which is my center. Instead of making instant meals, I made a meal for myself, and after a long time, I was able to draw my own hands, read books thoroughly, laugh and cry while watching a movie. I want to send them. I think that a life that focuses on me will give you a rich day out of poverty. So, what I need more than anything right now is the daily routine that I am the center of. From now on, it is time to make it solid.  

If you want to come up with a new routine of your own, start observing your day from when you wake up in the morning. What kind of routine makes you feel good, what kind of routine you have to do but what burdens you, what habits you want to change? If you find out the moments you enjoyed and the risk factors that are prone to indolence one by one, you will soon have your own peaceful life. (48p)- Anyway / by Kyo-seok Kim  

From that perspective, it seems that the book'Continue Anyway' is appropriate to read at this time. It is a book about the story of creating your own routine. I have to read this book to the end this week.  

Suddenly, looking at the calendar, yesterday was the day I would return to Korea if I had been on a honeymoon. Canceling the trip was a good choice for the fee, but it was Spain and Portugal that I dreamed of for a few years, and I don't know when I can go. By all means, I just hope that the corona will end soon and everyone's daily lives will return. May everyone have a safe day today.  

