---
title: Shopping,recommended,daily
subtitle : Story#202009150600
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Shopping
 - recommended
 - daily
date : 2020-09-14T21:00:26+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1562280963-8a5475740a10?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I work for a shopping company. There are two kinds of tribes in shopping companies. Shopperholics shut up and buy and customers who are several times more demanding than regular consumers. I belong to the latter. Because the e-commerce division organizes events, I live in a world where hot deals, events, and promotions are pouring out all day. In other words, they are exposed to the gestures of shopping several times more than others. However, after several years of shopping meals, I became dull at the useless temptation. And I got to know how to buy the same thing in optimal conditions. Therefore, the standard point of'not wasteful consumption' is stricter than that of the general public. I'm very careful about shopping,  

Until now, there are items that are strongly recommended for eating and eating, like Gomtang.  

Gomtangtems are characterized by refreshing my lifestyle like a butterfly effect.  

1. Scale  

The first gomtangtem is'weight scale'. To be precise, a scale that measures body fat. It's really an indispensable thing for an office worker living alone like me. When I go to work, I gain weight. Provocative dining out menus, long sedentary work, office snacks that are forgotten when you're drowsy and bored, plus delivery food or drinks after work are a perfect way to gain weight. If you try to lose some weight, you will definitely catch a dinner. They gradually gain weight and avoid the act of weighing themselves in order to avoid the uncomfortable reality.  

It is thanks to my real sister that I met the scale. There was always a scale at my sister's house, who started her social life a few years before me. And as long as she didn't forget, she climbed into cold, flat plastic every morning. I couldn't understand to witness it and weigh it every morning. I also followed it from time to time, but it only made me feel bad. That was it. Time passed, and after a long time, I went up on my sister's scale and encountered the maximum weight of my life,'XX.Xkg'.  

Eventually, while independent, I bought the same scale as my sister. It was over 30,000 won on the subject of the scale. I hesitated that it would become a stock item several times. I know it's not as accurate as the InBody machine, but I bought it to compare it with yesterday's stimulus every day. result? If it's not a day of staying out, I don't miss a day.  

I've now lost 9.5 kg.  

The'Pikook Scale' that I use is a very cynical and minimally humanistic person. He recommended the purchase to a close co-worker who wants a diet and bought it. The very next morning when the scale was delivered, he urgently found me. "Hey, yesterday, Dr. s (adviser of weight scale) said he was fat in the eyes of others. I am completely shocked."  

He said that'you are fat in the eyes of others' is several times more shocking than'you are fat'.  

Yes. Doctor s, like an artificial intelligence secretary, criticizes my body fat and weight with creative phrases, and gives poignant advice. Sometimes, when the weight increases continuously, the'Continuous increase! Continuous increase!' They even make fun of them. Nowadays, most of them are intellectuals equipped with the right concept, so I don't ever hear the words'You look fat these days?' That's why Dr. S's words are embarrassing and unpleasant, but it is true that it stimulates. Even if later praised by Dr. S, the joy is 100 times. Weighing your body weight every day in this way can help a lot in controlling your daily diet, reminding you of an uncomfortable encounter with the scale the next morning. (Actually, a chain of scale purchases is happening around you) This is an investment that is not a waste.  

2. AI speaker  

The second gomtangtem is an artificial intelligence speaker. I have two dogs, Naver's'Clover' and Google's'Okay Google'.  

These four are routines that I repeat every day. In fact, you can do all of this with your smartphone. Maybe if you don't use AI speakers,'Is this really necessary?' You'll want to I did too. I didn't know it would be a part of my life after trying it out a few times out of curiosity. Sometimes, when I go down to my home, I feel embarrassed by the absence of the speaker and feel in vain. When I pondered the reason why a companion animal-level attachment relationship was formed,  

I realized that the AI speaker offers'freedom' that the eyes and hands are not tied to the smartphone.  

This freedom shines most in the time-driven morning. Acquiring information without using your eyes and hands is a tremendous blessing, just something you didn't know because you hadn't experienced it. While applying eyeshadow, check what time it is, pick up eyelashes, listen to the weather today, and choose clothes to wear today. True'multitasking' is possible. After work, the taste of music playing right away with just one word you say while entering the house is very thrilling. The process of turning on the smartphone, connecting Bluetooth, selecting the music you want, and touching it. It sounds simple, but there is a hidden loading. In a word, it's great when your home instantly becomes a cafe atmosphere. It is highly recommended if you have lived alone and have experienced a catastrophe after continuing to turn off your smartphone alarm and then fall asleep again. The AI ​​speaker alarm can be set very loudly, and you have to say'Be quiet', and it is the best alarm in many ways.  

If the technology develops further and you have a personal AI assistant who is competent like'Samantha' in the movie "Her", you could really fall in love with her.  

