---
title: Daily life, germany, issues
subtitle : Story#202009150051
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - germany
 - issues
date : 2020-09-14T15:51:11+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1586271180169-ad4f4a62b915?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Talk came to my son one after another.  

To develop immunity these days, sleeping well and eating well is the best. He said that he liked this. He said that he liked it. Eat it. Eat it. Eat it. Exercisingly, we prepared dinner with quality Korean food. After eating spicy pork bulgogi with plenty of vegetables on freshly cooked rice with oil and a flat slice of radish and a handful of clam meat in a boiled cool soup, I ate the warm egg-steamed egg, and I spontaneously became one with the sofa.  

It was when I was resting deeply on the living room sofa. The sound of a handy vibration that shook up and down in a bundle at the same time rang out in the quiet living room. While having dinner, each handyman gathered together on the piano, on the table, on the book, on the sofa, shaking his whole body and notifying his family that a talk was coming in.  

It was like a flock of sparrows scattered above the sky and lined up in a line of electricity, standing up, taking each handyman, sitting back and checking the handymen at the same time.  

In the Dantalk room of my house, where my family is Kim Cine, the typical style of living in a dormitory far away from my husband and wife, and no news is good news. Even the youngest of the adolescents who can be seen are tied together, so even if someone uploads a picture, the handymen are always ringing.  

Anyway, my eldest son came to me in a short time.  

Usually, "How are you, son?" After a while, the daughter Naemi said, "What are you doing with your mom? You have to run!" Yes, how are you? Most often the answer comes as an answer. The cool cry son, who responds by taking pictures of the foods that Ji ate when sent, sent five lines of chat.  

Are you all doing well?  

You have to be prepared!  

Pasta, canned food to last at least a few weeks...  

Those that can be stored for a long time...  

Oh, what about toilet paper?  

Guy, after a coronavirus confirmed in our neighborhood, there was also a confirmed person in a city called Bau Natal, which is right near our hospital, so I think my family was worried a lot...  

Before Tegut Edeka Left Lidl Right Netto  

After seeing his son's talk, if it's going to go to the grocery store, the world's annoying husband will give you a word first.  

"Shall we go to the grocery store?"  

Inside I said,'Oh yes! Something like this, but on the outside, I said, "I'm going to go," he said, "Would it be? Go and buy some vegetables and toiletries. Well, not many people right now?  

Our house is located close to the city center and adjacent to the roadside, so sometimes the sound of buses, cars running, and the roar of people passing by can sound like a room in a room. Is located in the place.  

For example, if you go up in front of the front door of the house, there are many organic products and a butcher shop is in the mart, but there is a mart called Tegut, which is a bit expensive. Kara has a fairly large mart. And if you go straight down to the left, you will find a mart called Riddle, where fruits and vegetables are fresh and you can often find something to be picked up among event items. There are many students who come alone and shop for simple things, such as instant pizza, rather than a single family.  

In a word, the mart is in front, back, left and right? Saying that it is doing.  

I went to the mart on a weekend evening...  

Among those marts, we went to a mart called Neto, which is often free and has a high probability of having fewer people.  

It wasn't just toilet paper  

These days, in Germany, there are many people who have been hoarding for a while, so it is difficult to buy tissue paper. When I heard that one of our hospital staff, living a little out there, waited two weeks to buy tissue paper, they just laughed together when I heard that they were putting milk and bread in a box at a supermarket.  

So, are the Germans originally not hoarding people? If so, it is not.  

In Germany, Easter, Christmas, etc... The day before the long holiday begins, it's not a frenzy. At best, the market is not open for a few days.  

Among them, the most unusual peak time is the last day of the year on December 31st. On that day, supermarkets in Germany are open until 2pm (the countryside closes sooner). Although it is a day that requires a lot of people, it takes a long time to wait in line to get to the cashier because it is so full of people.  

That's why such scenes happen several times a year... (one person standing in line on such a day)  

There are some elderly people who have gone through World War II as a child, and still stock up on processed canned foods that do not spoil in the basement of their homes, check them by time, and buy them again.... Well, how much different would it be to buy? I went to the mart and...  

Not only the inside of the mart was empty, but the shelves that were really empty came into my eyes.  

Among them, the most shocking places were the vegetable section and the pasta section.  

Tomorrow, I had to boil a spicy potato soup, and I was going to choose a potato, but I couldn't see any potato.  

Have you changed the place where you were storing potatoes? I just wanted to go back and forth between the vegetable section many times because I wanted to. End. Was empty.  

Only the price tag, which was written as potatoes, attached to each blank only proves that there were potatoes in this place not long ago.....  

No, how can there be no potatoes in the mart? There is no such potato that can be said to be one of the staple foods indispensable to their dining table.  

One day, it may happen that there is only one hotter at a mart, broccoli has fallen, or that spinach is only frozen, but there are no potatoes at a German mart...  

Is it the same situation as there is no rice in a Korean mart?  

This is the first time in 25 years in Germany.  

No way... I'll be back on Monday.... Still, there are no potatoes....  

Even if I looked around, there weren't a few remaining vegetables, and when I went to the pasta to buy spaghetti and other items from the vegetable corner where only flowers that couldn't be eaten, I was amazed.  

Where are the many pastas that were usually piled up? What's that blank?  

In front of the cashier, someone's line came to mind.  

Alphabet-shaped pasta to be eaten in soup There are only a few small pasta of this kind left, and many kinds of pasta such as spaghetti, penne, rigatoni, fusley, etc., which are usually eaten with boiled and boiled sauce, do not even have a bucket... The shelf was empty as if someone had cleaned it.  

Flour and sugar remained rough, as if they were organizing things.  

In the toilet paper compartment where each country had a lot of talk and a lot of masks, there were only three tens left in the distance, as if we were talking about toilet paper for toilets at the end of the kitchen towels that still had spare space.  

We bought one of them, so now only two are left. In fact, I wanted to bring it all with my heart, but when I saw my husband with a hot expression, he said, "Let's buy a few urgent things and swipe it. I've put it in."  

"If the toilet paper runs out, you do it yourself"  

Whispering...  

I'm my husband, seeing meat, sweets, bread, toothpaste, and tissues constantly being put up at the cash register, whether or not my face is red. Yeah, it's okay for a while! With a smile of conversion, then...  

Ah... Looking at the spine of the pork that was prepared to boil gamjatang, ah...potatoes....  

In a moment, someone else's line came to mind.  

"I have to take it all like that so I feel relieved!"  

