---
title: Planning, daily life, perspective
subtitle : Story#202009150004
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Planning
 - daily life
 - perspective
date : 2020-09-14T15:04:48+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1516738901171-8eb4fc13bd20?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Suppose you entered a restaurant for lunch. What should you think of to improve your planning skills while waiting for the food you ordered? First, you can think of the restaurant's service, service speed, menu composition, and seat turnover rate. A friend eating with me said, “This restaurant should have a pretty turnover rate… … . Imagine saying that it is about two or three turns.”  

Considering the turnover rate of a restaurant as a friend told me, is this restaurant making a profit? If the meal time is between an hour and an hour and a half, the restaurant is right to make a profit. If you think it usually takes about 30 minutes to eat. If it is more than two rounds at lunch, it will be more competitive than the surrounding restaurants, so it will operate well even in the evening. It may seem trivial, but this analysis is no different from the planning done in a company.  

We often say that good ideas come from 3B. The novel idea of 3B is a bath, a bed, and a bus. It is said that the idea comes out when you take a shower in the bathroom, go to bed before going to sleep, get on the bus and look out the window without thinking. In other words, it means that ideas come out unintentionally from everyday life that is not special, and that means that a good project cannot come out without knowing the daily life.  

However, a good plan or idea does not come to mind for all of us in our daily lives. So, how do you create a good project in your daily life? It is the gaze that looks at daily life.  

How you look at your daily life determines whether or not a good idea will come out.  

You need your own perspective of observing everyday life.  

For example, I mentioned taste, service, price, and commercial districts as competitive factors for restaurants, but are there only four? Is there another factor? Wouldn't there be an amusement facility where children can play when parents eat? These elements don't come to mind easily when you think about them in the established framework. In order to find out the parts we have previously missed, we need to have our own gaze on our daily life, and this differentiated perspective creates new ideas and good plans.  

Companies look for new foods to survive the tougher the economy. Trend-related books published every year are basic materials for companies to search for new food, and they look for future trends and analyze customers' lifestyles to find new businesses. Office workers working in the planning part of companies write numerous proposals, but if they don't have their own perspective, it's like replacing the contents of trend books as they are. It becomes a “normal plan” that can be applied to any company.  

If you observe everyday life and think about'why', better planning can begin when you think again and analyze from your own perspective. That's the way from'ordinary planning' to'plan with perspective'.  


