---
title: Daily life, corona, working mom
subtitle : Story#202009150825
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - corona
 - working mom
date : 2020-09-14T23:25:15+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1563966230080-acb6b9bb12df?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I thought I should wash my hands well, wear a mask, and pay attention to personal hygiene.  

As school vacations were delayed, school opening was delayed, daycare centers were closed, and even academies decided to close, fire fell on my feet. You can't do your daily life as usual, so you need to take some measures.  

I couldn't take a vacation to the company, and I couldn't go to the company like before, so I decided to go to the company in the afternoon when my aunt came after seeing the children in the morning. It is fortunate that there is no problem with working hours even if you work four hours a day because a significant portion of the working hours for a month has already been filled up overtime. Originally, my aunt doesn't come every day, but I couldn't help it, so I adjusted the time to come every day for the time being.  

A week has passed since I lived as a mother in the morning and an office worker in the afternoon. Before the children wake up, prepare breakfast and lunch food, study a little, clean a little, and organize little by little with the children. As time runs out, the company is more focused. I get rid of the urgent and important things, and after coming home, I touch my aunt again.  

As I spent the past week like that, I cleaned up every corner of the house that I just turned over because I was busy. I cleaned up the shoe rack and discarded a box in my closet. I took out all the clothes from the children's closet, which was the most difficult, and organized it with the children. The sink cabinet and the warehouse were discarded and re-stored by type. I worked hard, but it doesn't show off. Anyway, after finishing the tidying that looked like an old stone, I feel good myself even if others don't know it.  

And on the weekends and weekends, I can't go anywhere and do a lot of work. I am focusing on serving three meals with ingredients from the refrigerator. I whisked all the vegetables and toasted it, and ate the old rice cakes in the freezer and ate them with rice cake soup. Eating, cleaning, thinking about the next meal, eating again, cleaning, and spending simple time thinking about the next meal. I take a nap in my spare time, drive through the fun Mr. Trot, and listen to my favorite songs.  

It's really cool. The past weekend seems to have passed by saying that I was going on a trip, going out, and participating in various events, but these days the weekends are quite leisurely. During the week, I think I was busy taking care of the children's academy, school daycare, events and supplies, and the school timetable. Many people say they miss their daily lives, and that means they want to go back to life before Corona came, but somehow I don't think that way.  

Isn't this a normal routine now? Wasn't it too unusually busy? It seems good to not do anything more, work in moderation, and live in moderation with three or three meals.  

Not long ago, I was sick with a high fever. I thought I shouldn't go to work if I got a fever the next day, but it seemed okay to see it in the morning, so I went to work, and the company started to shudder again. After visiting a screening clinic and hospital, it is reasonable to say that it is not coronavirus because the lung sound is okay, and that it is a flu or a cold.  

I take medicine and work again, and several people take care of me. 'Is it okay, what did I say, is it not necessary to go in? I will switch to telecommuting tomorrow.' etc. Even the groom who doesn't respond very much when I'm sick usually shows great interest. 'Shall we buy porridge for dinner? What do you want to eat? Should I take a vacation tomorrow? What do you say in the hospital? Shouldn't you have to take a break? 'It's an unfamiliar experience just to get so much attention and care for a cold.  

Maybe, isn't this normal? Isn't it abnormal in the past, when you have to endure work even if you are sick, you have to go to school and get a perfect attendance award even if you are sick, and you just said that you had a cold.  

When I looked up the dictionary definition of'everyday', it was'life that repeats every day'. Thanks to the corona, I look back on whether my past'everyday' was excessively crowded. Seeing that I didn't miss my past daily life, I think I need to change my ‘daily life’ a little. I want to focus a little more on the essence of life (e.g. eating three meals, spending time with my children), and I am not sure what to do, but I want to spend a little more leisurely time.  

If you've lived a life that adds this and that, would it be worthwhile to remove the waste?  

