---
title: Exercise, everyday, consciousness
subtitle : Story#202009150157
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Exercise
 - everyday
 - consciousness
date : 2020-09-14T16:57:46+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1551425217-96edd854ad40?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

It is not easy to maintain a static posture and then change to a dynamic posture. My sister says, but at that time, the body seems to move a huge mountain. There is a rhythm that reigns as the king of chairs in the office, so it is difficult to let go of power. The moment the must, “I have to exercise!” is received, the brain becomes rebellious. The student who was thinking,'Shall we study a little?'  

When exercise comes out of your daily life, your body relaxes. My heart is like melting snow. Like buying a whole one rather than tasting, or warming up before jumping into the pool, the burden is less when you are a bridesmaid than the protagonist. No matter how busy it is, it makes it impossible to skip exercise. I don't have to blame myself for not exercising because I ran out of time. Small movements give you a sense of relief that you have done something. When you can afford it, it gives you a bridge to the body of exercise.  

I am a weak person at 1 1. It's hard to overlook when something you don't even care about at the mart is overwriting something. Paying one and receiving one is grim, but when there is a bonus, the sense of accomplishment is attached to the inner motivation. With this atmosphere, I attach exercise to my daily life. Every day is 1 1 event day. Let's take a few examples.  

1. Squat for brushing teeth  

Squat while cleaning three sides of the upper and lower teeth. It sits down slowly to give strong stimulation to the thighs, or sits deeply to irritate the hips. It even brings about a fair tooth brushing effect without any discriminated teeth.  

2. Holding squat when washing hair  

Keep your hair like a willow tree and stand in a wide squat position. You can wake up during shampooing and rinsing. If you stand up saying that you can't eat because it's hard, the motion is essentially squat, so there's nothing to be wrong with it. It's a good thing.  

3. Spinal erect muscles and hamstrings when drying hair  

The upper and lower bodies are set to 90 degrees. Your back and legs are straight. While strengthening the waist, stretch the hamstring (the back of the leg). This posture is perfect because the dryer is only used to dry hair.  

4. Lunge and squat when picking up  

When taking out something from a high place, step up on a folding chair and do a lunge. Both legs and outstretched legs, thighs and hips are stimulated. Lower things are lifted with wide squats (they are getting bigger when shopping).  

5. Hamstring stretch when wearing shoes  

When wearing shoes, bend one leg alternately with both legs straightened (bending motion). To finish, stretch and hold both palms as far as they touch the floor. If you're stuck in the corner of your house, you're skipping this.  

6. Climb stairs on non-flat areas  

At train stations or buildings, you climb stairs. Makes the escalator or elevator sad. Bend 45 degrees with your back straight and go up with your heels on the stairs. This pose is a lunge movement. Thanks to his work, he lunges to the 19th floor.  

7. Squats and back exercises when doing laundry  

When you put your laundry in the washing machine, hold it with a wide squat. When you hang your laundry on a three-tiered drying rack, do squats and back exercises. Grab the laundry from the floor, and the back and legs form 90 degrees and then extend 180 degrees to decorate the finale.  

8. When washing dishes, tighten the ring with your lower body  

Put a pilates ring (plastic circular rim) between your legs. I am afraid of splashing water so my buttocks never get back. Strength also goes into the thighs. While washing the dishes, the harmony of the hands, belly and lower body unfolds.  

9. Massage when putting on and removing makeup  

When applying makeup, touch the facial muscles with your hands as if you were dealing with hand-japan noodles. Making a loud sound. When removing makeup, rub every corner of the face for 3 minutes (it feels like a while). The skin and facial expressions are also resilient, but they even give off a “contact idea”.  

10. Abdominal breathing before going to sleep  

Put your palms between your ribs and belly button while lying down and off. I inhale as I recall the day. The stomach is bulging. Hoo~ and express your gratitude for a long time. Let the stomach and back skin meet. However, there is no way to know up to a few.  

There are other small exercises, but if I keep listing them, my daily life will look like my main job, so I reap at this point. Whenever I move, I move in the direction of taking care of my body. It means putting on makeup on the body just like painting on the exposed face. Each movement needs to be mastered so that it can come out naturally in our daily actions. There is excitement only when you need to know the principle of motion and feel the sensation without getting hurt.  

If you have just started exercising, you could say that you have met a job on 1 1. Whether or not the stress is amplified may differ depending on your disposition and exercise stage. I am a person who considers Ilta Ssangpi as much as the blood inside my body. But, there are times when I am exceptional. When the next scene or idea hits the head, the body yields to the brain.  

If I move my body ‘consciously’, I can be a master. The consciousness of the body calls the sense of ownership of life. Everyday life is a time given to everyone. This is what everyone does. Anyway, it seems to be good to the heart by being conscious of the correct posture for the movement to be done. 'Consciousness' means to see me, not to compare with others.  

“I am good at using my body even if I can’t use my head.” There are people who say that. If you know how to use your body, you can do other things. Knowing the principle of my body allows me to control other things. Depending on how the body and consciousness unite in daily life, the host's power also expands.  

If you manage your daily life (Phase 1), you will also have ideals (Phase 2) and communicate with the world (Phase 3).  

