---
title: Daily, marriage, honeymoon diary
subtitle : Story#202009150310
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily
 - marriage
 - honeymoon diary
date : 2020-09-14T18:10:50+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1551648835-177adea047ce?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

It was the last exam period in college. I had my first exam at nine in the morning, so I got up at five in the morning, washed and left the house. Usually I got off at Sinchon Station and walked for about a dozen minutes, but on this day my body and head were heavy, so I decided to get off at Idae Station and take the bus passing through the back gate. It was midsummer, so the road at dawn was bright like daylight. I got off at Idae Station and headed to the bus stop heading towards the school.  

You were there.  

You also said that it was your way to school early because it was a daily exam. We waited together and got on the bus. It was empty because it was an early morning bus, but we did not sit down. It seems that we talked a little awkwardly while holding the handles one by one with a couple of spaces between them. Until then, I ate rice, drank tea, and even had a drink together, but that was always because of multiple people. As we passed three stops, we talked about enough to pass three bus stops. How was the test yesterday, what you plan to do during the vacation, and what kind of study you need to study. Then the bus stopped, and you got off with me as I got off the back door. As usual, I stopped by the convenience store at the back door. I asked you to choose a coffee.  

Can I drink something expensive? I said to you who picked up a small can of coffee while saying so. You can drink something better than that. I picked up a large coffee and handed it to you. And together we left the convenience store. It was 7 o'clock in the morning when the hot energy was about to begin. I go to the library, you go to the reading room. We said goodbye to the exam and we broke up.  

And now, seven years later, we are married.  

When you asked if you remember that summer morning some time ago, I couldn't answer right away.  

Strangely, however, after listening to the summer story of that day, the memory popped up. As if your memories were transferred to me.  

Did girls and boys from seven years ago think we were going to be married?  

Standing right next to it was also awkward, and we had a conversation with a couple of handles in between. Could we have imagined that we would sit down and eat dinner together every day after seven years?  

It's been two years since I started living with you. I thought marriage would be an event that completely changed me before. But in less than a month, I realized that the idea was completely wrong. Marriage is not an event, it is a moment, it is a daily life, not a travel. Nothing else happens every day, but there are moments of everyday life that we go through'together' every day.  

We are co-captains head-to-head to set sail and sail safely. Whether the ship is broken, whether it is heading according to the map, whether water or food is running out, where to crash land if fuel runs out, what is the psychological state of the crew's family on board, and discusses everything necessary for the voyage. I do it. I thought I had to trust me in order to keep the voyage of marriage smoothly. The belief that I know what to add and what I am doing well. But as the voyage went on, I realized it. What I have to believe is that I am a sailing partner. The belief that he is more dependent on me than I thought, and that I too. Believe that he and I will add hearts and finish this voyage safely.  

A celebration of our journey.  

This is the phrase we engraved on the wedding invitation.  

I will write about this voyage. With the addition of love and trust, I want to draw a map of the journey, capture the daily days we go through every day, and solve them carefully. Sticky, warm, sincere and pleasant days of this journey.  

