---
title: Corona, Island, Everyday
subtitle : Story#202009150755
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - Island
 - Everyday
date : 2020-09-14T22:55:09+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1570116908808-4eeb66d9bb1e?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Two months after the coronavirus, which started in China, hit Korea, it began to spread to continental Europe, and it became a situation reminiscent of an exhibition within a month. The situation of worrying about my family in Korea has been reversed, and now my family in Korea is worried about me in Ireland. Italy was the country most severely hit by the coronavirus in Europe. Following that, Spain, Germany, Sweden, France, and the United Kingdom continue to record huge numbers of confirmed cases and deaths every day. Ireland has fewer numbers than these countries, but the number of confirmed cases is doubling every day, so there is no peace of mind. In addition, there are only 40,000 people waiting to be tested, and the fact that the test is not in full swing may be the reason for the small number of visible. After receiving the test, it takes about a week to self-isolate and wait at home, and it takes another week to wait for the results at home after receiving the test.If you are an infected person, you will get sick and heal alone in the meantime. It will be either one of two. I was really scared to hear the news every day about the rapidly increasing number of confirmed cases and deaths, and the terrible situation in Italy and Spain being helpless by the corona. At least in Korea, you will be able to get a quick test and get treatment right away. I wanted to go to Korea even though I had a lot of eyes looking at overseas Koreans pouring in with unpleasant eyes. However, it is impossible to leave her husband alone on this battlefield. There was no other option. In the end, I gave up going to Korea after pinning my finger with my husband, saying,'Even if I die, I live together, I live together.' The two people who can't stay still at home have begun a new life in which they now have to spend the whole day at home. The first confirmed cases in Ireland were reported on February 29th. And two weeks later, on March 13th, all schools were closed for two weeks (but the closing was postponed until April 19th, when the recent Easter holiday ends). At that time, the biggest concern of the government was on March 17th in Ireland. On the festival'St. Patrick's Day', the parade was whether or not to proceed as scheduled, but at first, it was said that it would proceed as scheduled, but was eventually canceled due to public opinion. For the first time in the history of the festival in 200 years, the empty streets without parades, Guinness, and waves of green clothes were unrealistically empty and lonely. Following the enforcement of stronger regulations on commercial spaces, pubs, restaurants, and cafes began to close one after another. Currently, almost all stores are closed except for supermarkets, pharmacies, gas stations and laundry. “Social Distancinga” and hand washing instructions are posted here and there like warning signs, and the phrase “Stay Home” is spreading rapidly on social media. The problem is that no one can guess how far this will go. First of all, it is much more likely to go into a long-term battle. I am a little relieved that Ireland is not very stocking like Germany and Spain and the supply of food and household goods is smooth.  

It is not easy to maintain composure because there are only heavy and depressing stories, such as the increasing number of confirmed cases and deaths, and the global economic crisis that increase every morning when you check the news. The fear of getting coronavirus, the discomfort of everyday life that has suddenly changed, and above all, I want to design a new life pattern and use my time productively, but I am still confused and distracted. Whatever I do, I can't concentrate, so if I try to stab this or that for nothing, the day is over.  

Most of all, it seems to be the most difficult to meet people you want to see. I don't feel lonely as John and the two spend time, but my friends who live alone aren't so lonely. So these days, I try to keep my mind at least a little by asking my friends who live alone how to say hello by message or phone. Come to think of it, this Saturday is our 7th anniversary wedding anniversary. I always ate dinner at a restaurant, but this year was the first time to celebrate with home meals. Everything has changed. Maybe even after the coronavirus outbreak ends, our lives will not be the same as before. It will take a long time to overcome the financial blows and to heal the wounds of losing loved ones through corona. But humans will also help each other and overcome. And you will be more humble before nature and God. I believe so, by the way, who ever imagined an Irish without a pub? I really miss the noise when I gathered in a pub and clasped my glasses.  
 

