---
title: Daily, morning, leisure
subtitle : Story#202009150229
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily
 - morning
 - leisure
date : 2020-09-14T17:29:21+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1508598380528-ba1fc88b9c47?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I am one of the many people in the world.  

Among them, I am the mother and wife who work.  

After waking up in the morning, getting ready for work in the morning, and arriving at work,  

He is passionately immersed in his work, then cuts off and waits for the children's house.  

I parked my car and thought about what to eat at Mom Cafe for about 2 minutes before the House car came,  

He talks with the children, goes home and prepares dinner right away.  

After you start cooking rice, wash your children, and do the kindergarten thinking bag with your children,  

Wake up again and start preparing side dishes.  

After eating with my husband's work, talking with the children, washing dishes, washing the laundry, and cleaning,  

It's 9 o'clock at night.  

10 o'clock when procrastinating.  

As early as 9:30. I read a book with my children, then lie down and roll around  

The day ends with gibberish mixed with old stories and sleep.  

This is my routine.  

So I thought about change.  

Instead of having less room than before  

Wake up in the morning to give me time to be dumb.  

Instead of worrying about the household account book by looking at the unorganized receipts while looking at the backlog that I borrowed because I wanted to read it  

Just wake up in the morning and daze for 5 minutes.  

Without thinking.  

Didn't you say that bruising also gives the brain a break as it came from a book you read before?  

Five minutes of bruising a day for me.  

I hope this can relieve a little stress.  

Little time for me.  

morning.  

If you carefully look for the room, you may be closer than you think.  

