---
title: Everyday, New York, COVID19
subtitle : Story#202009150117
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Everyday
 - New York
 - COVID19
date : 2020-09-14T16:17:20+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1559733567-dbc0a2bc65ec?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

The last time I left the building was just 21 days, or 3 weeks.  

Just when the number of confirmed cases in New York increased, there were so many changes in classes, internships, and so on, so I felt very anxious about the things to come. I had a lot of thoughts about whether I had to go to Korea. But since humans are animals of adaptation, vague anxiety has subsided over time and my daily life seems to have entered a stable phase.  

Although it has become a normal thing to report on the corona situation in which Governor Cuomo's live peak is taken every day, for today, I try to write down some of the good things I found in my life. Because positive thinking is the most important!  

Find peace of mind  

As I haven't gone outside the house, I feel like I'm seeing myself again, which I haven't seen for a while.  

First, I started organizing my daily To-do-list in my notebook. I don’t like writing but I really like to write something by hand, so I have been writing a diary every year from elementary school to university. There was a time when I lived in the fun of writing today's to-dos every morning and erasing all the work done, the fun of organizing and decorating schedules in the calendar column, and buying various notebooks and writing tools for that. Since moving to the company, he has been managing schedules and to-dos with Wunderlist and Google Calendar. In fact, when there are so many things to do and change is inexorable, there is nothing like digital, but I always missed the romance of my notebook days, and at this opportunity I started writing my notebook again. It's very trivial, but strangely motivating. Is it the romance of the days you were preparing for the entrance exam?  

The stress of having to spend time productively relieved my mind. I played games in a hundred years and watched ASMR, which is said to be the most useless in the world. The best thing is to listen to music again. In fact, in recent years, I feel like I only listen to music when I work, so I feel bad about it, but these days it's good to listen to music and get wet with appreciation. Paper books that had not been held for a while due to various electronic contents began to read again. I meditate for 30 minutes whenever I feel like it. Whenever I think about it, I wonder when there are times in my life that I have so much time and no burden.  

Rice is cooked very well with few ingredients. When I cook, my hands are too slow, so I can’t cook because I’m too frustrated, but nowadays I have a lot of time, so I don’t know how good it is to chop garlic as slowly as I want. Not to mention the happiness of ordering and eating wine online... I look forward to seeing what wine to eat every day.  

Build comradeship  

As we go through an unprecedented situation together, it feels like we are building up friendship with our school friends. Classes and drinks are all done through Zoom or video calls, but in a way, I feel closer. It's a friend's house, so you know how to live better. It can't be helped for all conversations to start with the Corona story, but it seems that the camaraderie is getting stronger as it is a hardship that everyone faces together.  

I think it's the same in New York. There are hate crimes, but there are also many who oppose hate and want to make love. Sometimes I have to go down to pick up the parcel, so when I take the elevator with other people, I often stay quiet in the corner for no reason.  

At 7 o'clock every evening, everyone cheers to cheer for the medical workers.  

Of course, when I think of the people struggling with the virus and those who are fighting fiercely, the reality feels frustrating for nothing, but as I pray for this situation to be resolved, I have to send my support in my seat.... !  

