---
title: Daily life, reading, essay
subtitle : Story#202009150459
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - reading
 - essay
date : 2020-09-14T19:59:15+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1562938949-83c5d9d21f13?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I chose this book because of my extremely personal taste for a cover full of vivid green that I like, but there are also many reasons why the title of the book was also a phrase full of puzzles. 'The boredom that I love'. Whether it's a classy irony or paradoxical expression, it's just like the famous poem ‘this is a silent clamor.’ It's a life that's not enough to indulge in just the fun, but what to love about boredom.  

It is the book of Soo-yeon Jang, who has filled most of his career as an MBC radio producer. Along with the desire to see her talent for planning and leading a flashy radio program, I was curious about what the boredom she was talking about. And now that I've finished reading, I agree with the boredom she talks about. In fact, I also love that'boring', so it can be said that I fell in love with her'boring' with her writing that reminded me of a different aspect of me that I didn't know. I was fascinated by her writings because I seemed to listen to her raw worries and thoughts as they were without filtering (although, of course, it was filtered).  

Her age by analogy won't be much different from me. She, in her mid-30s, sincerely captured the struggles in the vague future before joining the radio PD, while dissolving her own philosophy in her hometown through her own twists and turns. She said that she had no choice but to love the boredom of ordinary life that she felt while planning and conducting a radio program. As a radio PD who always has to send out broadcasts even when it rains or snows, she depicts the preciousness of each day and the greatness that they build up in a book.  

“If there is a word that best describes life, I think it’s just. It just happened. The words of great man's wars, lessons in fairy tales, and the fact that current adversity is a stepping stone for growth is a hardship to endure an absurd life that cannot be understood by reason and cause.”  

"The boredom that I love"  

The people she met while conducting the radio, whether she is a celebrity or a co-worker, is the person she reflects on herself through people. Some say that there aren't ordinary adults between good adults and bad adults, and they say that they don't want to take an ambiguous middleman, and they argue that'Jang Yu-seo', which is still rooted, is not a bad habit that our society must overcome. . She defines her own ‘adult’, saying that it is appropriate to look at herself to see if she can reveal a steady presence even excluding her age and company. In a way, she thinks and acts like her still youth, even though she is in a position to begin to taste the benefits of our society's evil habits. It goes without saying that she looked so cool to me.  

She says that it is not our life that can be explained in terms of cause and effect, and that it is not a life that can be easily divided into a dichotomous system of cause and effect like any math book formula. That is why we must do our best every moment, day by day, and not only do our best to infer the cause through the result, but to find the cause that'in the future I should live differently' through the result, which is beneficial to my future. Because it is productive. Instead of staying in the unproductive regret that if I had been studying mathematics all night and received a poor report card, I used it as an indicator of my inability to do math, and more than any other subject. It means that you should use it as a reason to study.  

After all, the boredom she talks about is talking about the day-to-day that we must faithfully build up. Building a frame of thought in the tirelessly repetitive day by day, laying the foundation for philosophy and looking back, as a professional, she unfolds it through her experience as a radio producer. It seems like she was telling me to think about the small things around me and explore them better, asking if it would be the same for us every day, like a radio that is now hidden from other media. Thanks to that, I wanted to look at my day a little more carefully and love the things that pass by. If you look around carefully, they will have'hidden fun' in their own way. I will also find the fun of discovering the little things in everyday life, not the fun that everyone discovers.  

I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who still loves radio, or who feels bored with repetitive daily life, and who wants to see the results of their own steady path through the steady life and philosophy of others. You will hear the voice of a nice young man.  

