---
title: Darwin,house,daily
subtitle : Story#202009150544
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Darwin 
 - house 
 - daily
date : 2020-09-14T20:44:19+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1563431819-704e116f7449?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Life here, not travel, becomes a daily life. So I don't even take pictures. It's the same as staying at home and not taking pictures of your home. Not special So I live every day, but sometimes I feel alive.  

Kiseon also seems to be getting used to this life by working as a housekeeper. One day I went home, and there are strange shorts on the bed. I asked Kiseon about who had left me in the wrong place.  

“Do you know who these pants are? On my bed.”  

“Try it on later”  

Kiseon received a cooking gift from me and he also worked so he wanted to buy me something.  

“I got my first weekly wage and bought one. I went to a clothing store and asked me to recommend the one that goes best these days, so the staff recommended this. Try it on once”  

It's perfect to wear. It is white on the hem with a pale navy color background. It is an unthinkable impression. You probably don't have a lot of money yet.  

A little while after I entered the share house, I became friends with my sharemates. At first, there were 12 people who wanted to live, but the working hours were different and each had a schedule, so the house was not busy every day.  

Taiwanese friends who became best friends there. Jamie, Rachel and Alvin who brought us here in the first place. All three were just two years older than us, and they called them Jamie, Rachel, and Alvin. The older sisters continued to work at the backpackers there, and the older brother seemed to be working at the construction site. It always carries heavy weights. The hourly wage is also good. The whitest and thinnest face among the men living here is what I want to do.  

The older sisters seemed sorry that we didn't have money and weren't good at cooking at first. They cook once and take care of us.  

“Nelly. Go eat breakfast! Also, don’t boil bread or ramen.”  

I tend to be loyal to the person who feeds me. So, I quickly became friends with my sisters.  

Once at a time, they boiled Shin Ramyun, which they sell at large marts, and they also like Shin Ramyun. We ate well if we put a little egg and green onion in the ramen. But the sisters were different. After washing the vegetables, spreading the cutting board, they begin to chop the songsongsong. Boil the ramen, add all the vegetables, and eat it once it's done.  

Ramen noodles contain bean sprouts, broccoli, and even tomatoes. It was a shocking visual, so I only tasted it, but the vegetables catch the spicy taste of Shin Ramyun and give it a cool soup taste.  

“This is Taiwanese style. We put tomatoes in the ramen.”  

Once at a time, they boiled tomato ramen and picked up clean clothes that customers lost or discarded while cleaning.  

The twelve of us cleaned up on duty. There are many people, so I took turns cleaning twice a month, if there were many, three times. It's easy to clean. Each room is individually cleaned, the living room is vacuumed, and the bathroom is roughly watered and wiped clean. And there are three more people in my house who do the cleaning work besides my sisters. They are cleaning experts. So the house is always clean.  

The most interesting thing is that 12 people live, and there is only one washing machine at home. But the house works well without any discomfort. When I want to do laundry, I have never done it. In this hot weather, everyone has a lot of laundry, so it's worth being pushed, but it's never happened. And the veranda is not that wide, but it can hang all the laundry for 12 people without any problems.  

Kiseon started working as a housekeeper who didn't have a lot of time, but when he left the laundry factory, he moved and worked for a while. More and more money is collected. I work in a restaurant on weekdays and a bar on weekend nights, and I'm getting more and more stable.  

Now, just exercise, it's perfect. There seems to be a gym near where I work. I have to go there tomorrow. If you exercise, your body may be difficult for a moment, but the adrenaline makes your personality brighter and energetic. You will see the abs that have lost a lot of shape after eating ramen every day.  

