---
title: Daily life, thoughts, emotions
subtitle : Story#202009150213
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - thoughts
 - emotions
date : 2020-09-14T17:13:50+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1565965536365-d03c0175b3e2?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

There is a day like that. A day when I feel uncomfortable with something from the beginning of the day. Then, without fail, the day is the same. If it's normal, the words that pass by are bothered by this day, and the day I feel bad until the end of the day. Was it because of the rain? Or is it because I still haven't properly controlled my emotions?  

Today was like that. It's a very trivial thing, but it's a day when I have more thoughts and complicated things. I walked to catch my heart for a moment. It was good because I had no thoughts while walking, but when I came back to my daily routine, the feelings of dissatisfaction came up again. After some time, you will not even remember it, but you can't get rid of it easily right now.  

The moment when I can't control my emotions right now, even though I know that the emotions will disappear tomorrow, is both pathetic and frustrating. And, on the one hand, I wouldn't be the only one. I wonder how other people will tackle this situation. Human emotions do not differ from person to person. They think of sad, happy, sad, and solitude. However, it is different for each person to cope with the emotions that occur in every moment.  

Today, when it rains, it seems like it's probably a more distracting day. Still, as time passes, I try to rely on my heart at that time. Anyway, time can't stop anything.  

