---
title: Mom, inspiration, everyday
subtitle : Story#202009150444
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Mom
 - inspiration
 - everyday
date : 2020-09-14T19:44:26+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1513492702219-923ec8c62a2f?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

"I will do it for my mom in my next life" is the title of my book in preparation for publication.  

I got a phone call from my daughter at work. He said it was a day off and asked to have dinner together. I bought a cold street and came home in a hurry. When I changed my clothes and went to the kitchen, there were birthday cakes and gifts on the table. I had forgotten my birthday in the past few days to deal with the unconventional affairs, but when I saw unexpected celebrations and gifts, my fatigue disappeared.  

After graduating from college, her daughter is working as a nurse in the emergency room of a general hospital. She is a daughter who struggles to match her life rhythm to her three-shift work. Even on a day off, he made up for the lack of sleep by taking a break at home without making an appointment. My daughter, who had been working hard for a few days at night, couldn't take a break and made a homemade cake and went to buy a gift.  

A round cake with white whipped cream was filled with cosmos. Under the pink flower, a phrase written in chocolate caught my eye. I liked the words more than saying, “Do everything my mother wants to do, and we will take responsibility.”  

“I'll do it for my mom next life!”  

Tears poured out the moment I read the unexpected text. What other words a mother wants to hear from her child are happier and more grateful? The desire to be with my children for a long time will not be my own.  

I want to give my children only good and flawless, and I want to raise them so that they are not hurt by the wind blowing in the world. However, it is common mothers who are not able to do anything differently from their heart and hurt their heart. Contrary to my heart, when faced with the hurdles of life, my children had to face the rain together, and there were many times when my heart was nervous because I had no choice but to eat rough food together.  

After finishing the night shift, I fell asleep on the bus and went to pick up my daughter, saving sleep at the words that it had passed several courses. This is because the old woman feeling that her daughter, who is taking her first steps in society, is moaning alone because she is clumsy in social life in many ways than the stress from body fatigue. When she shared her difficulties, her intention to give advice played a part, but her daughter sits in front of her and falls asleep before even saying a few words.  

As a daughter grows up, she becomes friends with her mother, and then we spend more and more time together like best friends. On the way to work at dawn or working at night, on weekends, we drive to nearby places, and sometimes we talk deeply about each other in a quiet cafe. They also make memories by finding famous restaurants.  

I couldn't sleep for a while thinking of the mother's heart, who couldn't take care of her daughter, saying that her mother's heart would not be able to watch her growing up if she had passed away first with her children. .  

My daughter, step by step slowly stepping into the world, hurts when she gets scratched, but when she grows up, it hurts everyone, so she tries hard to be calm. There are times when I have to be silent, sometimes I have to talk about it, but seeing the sensibility and young responses that have not yet been exposed without filtration, I still feel that I have a lot to say as a mother.  

The being of a mother relieves the shock from the world like a sponge. Sometimes, the days I hear the news of children growing up with bare bodies in the world are like my job. On such days, I send a silent cheer in my heart.  

Could there be anything that only loves parents and children? The feelings of the mother leaving behind her young child, the size of the sadness that the people left behind, the weight of the empty space that they have to endure, and the share of sadness that no one can replace it is sometimes slow to lighten.  

The daughter put a candle in the cake and lit it. The face of her daughter singing a happy birthday song is full of tiredness. She might be tired because she couldn't sleep, but she's a daughter who has spent all day outside preparing for the event. My daughter's face shone through the swaying flames, and tears that I had endured without my knowledge flowed down again.  

Yes, I'm sure to be born as a mother and daughter in the next life, and in the evening, let's sit around the table with the family to talk about that day, and on the weekends, let's go out to the scenic beach. Let's live a life in which ordinary daily life is overwhelming.  

