---
title: Freelance, Everyday, Essay
subtitle : Story#202009150809
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Freelance
 - Everyday
 - Essay
date : 2020-09-14T23:09:51+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1503754380704-bf38c1783dad?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

When you hear the mobile phone alarm ringing at exactly 7 o'clock, wake up, wash your stomach, and wear modestly neat clothes, you are ready to go to work. Make-ups that aren't uncomfortable for each other can be solved with the tools you have in your car storage space... You can go to the break room and have a cup of coffee and start working at 9 o'clock. Oh, of course, it is also essential to do as many other things as possible using a smartphone before starting work. In addition, there is one account that you will surely check when flipping through Instagram with your thumb, which is a photo and video of A who works as a freelance translator.  

It wasn't long since I met A. A, who happened to be talking about each person's life, introduced himself as a freelance translator and said that he worked at home without a job. The end customer is in Europe, and because I have to work according to the local time in Europe, I work from late weekday evening to early morning in Korean time, and often stay up all night when my work increases. The stories that I felt envious of for some reason were excitedly displayed. I'm going to go to work from Sunday evening, and I'm feeling down. A has been suffering from Monday sick for a long time and told me that he was lying in bed until early Sunday morning watching Mead or watching TV. I don't know how much I make, but anyway, there was something like saying that I was living in moderation. After that day, the word freelance stuck in my mind and didn't leave.  

Whenever I saw A, I asked many times if it was really good because I was freelance. He said he was really envious of the freelancer because he was really the best. Sometimes, my reality facing the office monitor seems to be far worse than that of A, so pressing the'Like' button was hard, and I hated seeing a single uploaded picture. Oh I want to do it too. I think it's the best, freelancer. No, he'll do it, he's posting a day and night that he had to meet the deadline for his Instagram story, and that he suddenly got into trouble. From the moment, the story in my heart was flowing out of my mouth without even knowing. I often met A on the street and said hello and hello with a dark face, but if I compare A who photosynthesizes for a while thanks to the outside work and A who comes out of a cafe with a laptop in a comfortable outfit, is it not obvious which one has the highest happiness index?  

At one point, A posted a posting on Instagram in a hot tone, saying that he didn't know why everyone would easily judge and say about freelancers. I wondered if he had shot me. I wonder if the dark face I saw passing by was a precursor to this SNS posting.  

In Chapter 8 of "How to Write Ten Sentences", it was recommended to write with the eyes of others. I remembered B, who had said,'Isn't it so good, freelancer?' for a while, and when I wrote in his position, I understood the situation before and after. I remember being told that a freelancer was a duck swimming leisurely along the lake shore. When I personally said that I should never take a break from kicking in the water, I realized that I live with the words in my heart that I can only understand if I go through anything. B is currently a freelancer. I started working as a freelancer in the form I wanted, and I posted on social media that seemed to be satisfied. And since becoming a freelancer, B never once told me that freelancers seem to be the best.  


