---
title: Sunday, everyday, morning
subtitle : Story#202009150129
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Sunday
 - everyday
 - morning
date : 2020-09-14T16:29:04+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1481400239811-cd7d97777edc?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I did.  

In the summer of 1994, on a Sunday morning. I was supposed to meet with my friends at 7 o'clock at the middle school basketball court near my house. It was the first Sunday of the vacation, and it was the first holiday with no supplementary classes. The seven guys, including me, gathered at the school playground in time. As promised yesterday evening, we gathered with one basketball ball, one soccer ball, and a few tennis rackets. The basketball court was already full of people. Thanks to last winter's <Last Match>, the basketball court in the neighborhood was 10,000 won a day. The name of the NBA basketball star was engraved on everyone's clothes, and they were busy moving along the ball without anything to say. It was a coat of dirt and dust, but it was a valuable place for us. One guy went to the basketball court and said that when it was over, he had decided to score 10 goals with 6 of us at 6:6. We were relaxed and watched their game, and we couldn't finish last night. I waited for the end of the match with the stories. About 10 minutes passed, when the match ended and the winners of that match and our six players were about to start,  

Most of them were people who had lived in the same neighborhood for a long time, so they were acquainted. They were seniors and juniors in four male high schools in the neighborhood. I said hello to my seniors for the first time, and I received greetings from my juniors. And I waited as a candidate, and my friends and friends started the game. I can't remember whether we won or lost the game that day. However, the seniors and juniors I met new on that day, the weather on that day, and the situation on the playground were as clear as yesterday's memory. I was not a fan of exercise, but that day I sweated really hard and laughed a lot with my friends. After 10 o'clock, I left the playground and headed to my house, but on the way home, I bought a drink called Powerade that was released at the time with my friends and drank.  

After sweating, I drank a normal Pocari Sweat, but my super mother recommended it, so I drank the Power Aid in a glass bottle. It was a fluorescent color liquid, but it doesn't seem to be bad.  

The reason I recalled the memory at that time is because I remember that it was the morning of the Sunday that I spent most in my life. Now it is Sunday, June 21, 2020. About 25 years have passed since then. Physically, it is more ripe than then, and mentally, it is more full than then. Now my son is closer to me at that time. However, there is no sign of what will happen if he was playing until dawn yesterday. Today I got up after receiving a phone call from my mom at 7 am. Mom was surprised. “Did your son sleep? What is it? Does it hurt?” Every day, I wake up at 4 a.m. It's been a few years since I've been doing this and that, so it seems like I was embarrassed after hearing the voice I woke up less asleep. From two weeks ago, I decided to turn off the alarm on Sunday, and even when I wake up at dawn, I decided to just lie down.  

It is from the heart that I should make a little time to give room for my life and give my body a break. And after spending two weeks like that, I lost 2 kilograms of weight. I don't know why I lost weight. Anyway, recently, I have changed the routine of my life a little loosely. In fact, I was very tired last night. I don't know how many times I slept while writing until 11:00. I was assured my daughter that if my dad lay down in bed, it would fall off within three minutes. And it really fell off. After I slept for about 8 hours, I felt refreshed as if my body was flying away. My mom woke up on the phone and woke up immediately, brushed my teeth, and prepared the morning routine I thought of yesterday.  

At 11 am, I ran for about 30 minutes from 8 am, and I walked for 20 minutes. I drove to the sauna near my house, soaked my body in hot water for about an hour, and washed it. The time I left the sauna was 10:10 minutes. Shall we watch a movie at a nearby theater and go home? While thinking, I decided to write the article first. So, I'm sitting at a coffee shop and tapping the keyboard to match the sound of the rain flowing through my earphones. Very refreshing and skinny. Of course, the spirit is also clear. I'm a little hungry, but I think about the intermittent fasting that started three days ago and try to put up with it. If you wait until 12 o'clock, you are fasting for 16 hours, and now your wife's phone call will come soon. Then, whether you go home to eat or buy rice, you will spend time with your children. It is leisurely and full. This is just a nice Sunday morning routine. After writing this article, I will read the book. Then, you will achieve the four days you want to do today. I'm glad, I really hope this Sunday continues.  

