---
title: Remodeling, everyday, interior
subtitle : Story#202009150342
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Remodeling
 - everyday
 - interior
date : 2020-09-14T18:42:43+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1472982728022-601a8d99e9af?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Nine months have passed since the remodeling work was officially finished. The official completion date referred to here refers to the'day when cleaning in the house was over and toasting with the chiefs'.  

However, the very next day, before even realizing the completion, a news report that the underground boiler had failed. If it were a boiler, it was the only thing that was decided to use it as it was without changing it. From the second day of completion, a ton of 500,000 won has disappeared like dust as a replacement cost for the new boiler. And one month later, the first-floor boiler broke down and the thermostat was replaced (150,000 won), and a few months later, our second-floor boiler also died.  

The basement and the first floor are the spaces where we live, so we fixed it right away, but the second floor is where we live, so we delayed the repair of the child's work and survived a month with the Xiaomi electric heater at home. Then, after seeing that 100,000 won was stamped on the electricity bill that came a month later, the second floor was also replaced with a new one to cry and eat mustard (500,000 won. It turned out).  

Of course, it wasn't just the boiler that got inside. The basement leaked a couple of times after completion, and during the rainy season, the underground boiler room was completely flooded, so it was necessary to rumble and pump water out like a movie scene. Eventually, he took special measures to tear off the floor in the living room in the basement, which was intact, plastered it again thickly, and laid a new floor.  

Still, by the time the basement was no longer flooded due to several months of all-around effort, rain started to leak in the warehouse under the entrance to the second floor. The warehouse under the entrance on the second floor was also a place where only half was touched due to construction costs. Rain leaked into the warehouse just below the front door, exposing the ceiling, which meant that the front door could collapse. It was a small warehouse of only a few pyeong, but when I was trying to fix it, I needed all the processes from structural reinforcement, plastering, paint, floor, and waterproofing. This meant that all process experts had to come to repair the warehouse (unlimited labor costs).  

I think it was then. I thought it was time for us to repair ourselves. While remodeling a detached house, he had never been an elegant owner, but now he had to put it down. I contacted the chief, ordered the materials necessary for the repair, and changed into the sportswear that was put out to throw away in the rooftop room. My younger sibling found a part of the porch leaking water that he couldn't find (I think this was possible because it was the person who had a fire on the back of the foot), and fired silicone to prevent water from leaking anymore, and a transparent waterproofing agent on the floor of the door. Applied. At the same time, I applied urethane waterproofing directly with my younger brother to the part that was in contact with the exterior stairs and basement room. Me and my younger brother, and the two heads of the labor force, were able to cut the repair cost, which almost cost millions of won, to hundreds of thousands of won.  

It prevented the collapse of the door, but as an amateur, there were side effects. When applying urethane waterproofing, I had to apply three times with a time difference in the order of bottom-middle-top, but I did not apply the top coat because I applied it in the middle and both stretched out. The top coat serves to coat the floor, but when it was not applied, footprints were left on the floor as if fingerprints were left on the nail polish without the top coat. Footprints were also left on the transparent waterproofing agent applied to the floor of the entrance. Even now, the porch looks very messy with indelible footprints. Whenever I pass by, I think,'I should grab me and apply a top coat', but try to avoid it as much as possible.  

Is that all there is. Most recently, the paint on the ceiling in the basement bathroom has been hit by moisture. I scraped off the falling part with a knife, and the chief putty on it, but it fell again after 3 days. Lee is also trying to avoid seeing that part as much as possible (?).  

This is the story of 9 months after completion. When I first started remodeling, I thought that completion would be the'end', but it was actually the'start' of everything. We have been able to plaster, apply paint, waterproof urethane, open floor coverings, and fill tile meshes, which used to be'changing lights' and'breaking out drains clogged with hair' when it comes to home repairs.  

As I wrote it this way, I wonder when the numerous problems that had occurred in our house after completion had disappeared. The days when the problems occurred are clearly remembered, but the days that ended are hazy (of course, even at this moment, the paint on the ceiling of the basement bathroom is dropping little by little, and the entrance is so messy that my mother nagged me as soon as I saw it).  

After remodeling a detached house, there was no such thing as'living like a doll in a pretty house'. Rather, it feels like you've entered a bigger problem area that you didn't know before. Even so, now I know that no matter what problem occurs in the house,'this will also pass'. In fact, that was enough.  

Before another problem arises in our home, we are going to reveal what we are up to now. In the meantime, I have been collecting interior accessories like ants. Only the interior is now really finished.  

