---
title: Daily, travel, cartoon
subtitle : Story#202009150516
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily
 - travel
 - cartoon
date : 2020-09-14T20:16:04+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1590253230473-2435b044cc41?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

The social distancing caused by the coronavirus epidemic is extending without promise. It's frustrating, but it can't be helped. The virus hasn't gone away yet, and it is possible that we will once again spread to the community in a vigilant gap. As of yet, all of us must refrain from going out unnecessary and reduce confrontation with people. Even if it's a golden holiday that has come.  

Still, I can't help but feel bitter. It's a waste of holidays that go by without help, and it's empty to fall asleep every evening. I feel a little helpless or depressed. I hate watching YouTube or TV while staying at home, but it's frustrating because I can't go out to meet friends or have fun experiences as usual. How the hell should I go through these boring and dark times?  

For such us, I would recommend it. Let's travel our daily life.  

This book is a bright and cheerful record of scholars who obey the Road Traffic Law and adhere to the Free Economic Law.  

It's not a tourist spot full of things to see and eat, it's not a resort with vast nature, and you're going to travel through the daily life you face until you wake up and fall asleep. It might be stupid. How can you travel your daily life? What is it like to travel everyday? Luckily, we have a comic book to hint at this floating question. It is “The Life of a Genius Confucian Professor”.  

'Yoo Taek' is a professor who teaches economics at Y University. He seems normal and has a very unique lifestyle. I wake up at 5 am every morning and fall asleep at 10 pm, and I walk on the right side of the road very straight, and not only thoroughly keep my sword savings, but if I have any questions, I do not overlook and ask.  

If you look at each one, it doesn't look so unique, and it can be said to be a very exemplary life. But if you've been keeping it all day for 60 years, the story will change. Just like living economic laws, Professor Yoo lives a life full of curiosity and inquiry. Asking questions one by one about what we took for granted or what we didn't question.  

"Why did this kid hit you? There must be a reason."""I don't know!""If you don't know, ask this kid. If you don't think about things well, you can't explore things."  

While bringing her granddaughter Hanako from kindergarten, Professor Yoo faces a commotion. Hanako's classmate hit Hanako while eating ice cream in front of the store. Hanako, who was struck out of nowhere and was sick and angry with even dropping ice cream, beats her classmate the same. Eventually, the classmate bursts into tears, and Hanako triumphantly enjoys the sense of victory.  

However, Professor Yoo does not heal Hanako, his granddaughter, but a crying classmate. Hanako, who likes her grandfather very much, has a heartache and regrets, saying, "He hit him first!" Like asking me to appease me, not that one. However, Professor Yoo's reaction is completely fatal. "Why did this kid hit him?"  

Only then Hanako notices that her classmate's kindergarten bag decoration has changed. It was definitely a pig character just a few days ago, but now it has been changed to a flower-shaped decoration. So Hanako asks her classmate why she changed the bag decoration. But my classmate says something has just changed. In fact, it was a small misunderstanding that the child changed the bag decoration. A few days ago, Hanako laughed at the child's bag decoration. Of course, Hanako liked it and laughed because it was cute. Children are often poor at communication.  

To a classmate who is still suffering from heartache, Hanako says that the pig decoration before the change was also pretty, and asks what about the pig with flowers. With this one word, the conflict between Hanako and her classmates will be resolved smoothly. I don't say the whole story of the misunderstanding has been clarified, but sometimes just a single word like this is enough. Looking at this, Professor Yoo is remarkable, saying,'Even if you don't pretend to me, Hanako knows how to solve it.'  

The opportunity for Hanako to reconcile with her classmates was observation. It was observed through observation that the bag decoration changed from a pig shape to a flower shape. Careful observation allows us to discover things we haven't noticed, which in turn leads to new perceptions and feelings about the object.  

If you want to be like grandpa, look around before you see me. There are a lot of materials to study. Economics is such a discipline. There are people who say that capitalism is good, people who say that socialism is good, and there are various people on this planet. Let's throw away personal subjectivity and prejudice, and start with understanding. Whatever matters, first of all, the question of'why is that so?' and the exploration of it is important.  

It was the question "Why?" that opened the way to such observation for Hanako. Following the question of her grandfather, Professor Yoo, Hanako paused the feeling of resentment for the fact that her classmate hit me and was able to look around the situation calmly. To push the texture of the emotions surrounding me for a moment. That's the first step towards observation.  

This is why the trip is enjoyable. In travel destinations in distant countries, just by stepping on two feet there can free us from the feelings that normally imprison us. This is also the reason why alleys of travel destinations remain vivid in memory even after a long period of time. When emotions naturally dissipate, observations happen naturally. Traveling everyday is the same. Questioning, observing, and feeling something about everyday life. It only differs in geographic location.  

Of course, this is very difficult. It is not easy to put the emotions you feel in your daily life aside for a while. Those feelings are too familiar. The reason it is difficult to regard daily life as a travel is not because it does not inspire us at all, but because it is already giving too much inspiration. We are responsive to inertia.  

It is very difficult to consciously get out of that familiarity. It's clumsy and difficult. Sometimes I get upset like Hanako. But the new feelings you feel from that success will be special and trivial feelings that you can't get anywhere else.  

So, rather than waiting without promise for the end of social distancing, how about turning your eyes a little and taking a closer look at our daily lives. Grab a cup of coffee and look out the window. Another world that we know better than anyone else, but know nothing at the same time, awaits us.  

