---
title: Diary,company,daily
subtitle : Story#202009150410
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Diary 
 - company 
 - daily
date : 2020-09-14T19:10:17+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1522836924445-4478bdeb860c?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

A day without much work passes. It is a life of going to work at 9 o'clock every day and coming home at 6 o'clock to eat and write a diary in the evening. If there is anything a little different though, today I wake up at 7:30 and leave the house at 8:00. I went out earlier than yesterday. These days, the company parking lot is under construction, so it takes time to find a place to park, so I want to park comfortably even if I arrive a little early and sit in the car. I arrived near the company at 8:30, but there wasn't a good place to park, but I parked in the alley and kept a diary in the car until 8:50. Office workers who come to work at 9 o'clock and leave at 6 o'clock, work appropriately during working hours. I don't want to specifically remember what happened at the company, but I think about it. Did something different than usual? If you don't find such a small difference, it seems that every day feels the same. If you look closely and chew carefully, you can see how the people you met in the day are different, the food you ate differently, and how you felt accordingly. Even if I go to work without thinking, I hate getting dull. So, I remember the day more closely and record the small events that occurred in the day. There was an important meeting this morning. Last week, I was exhausted after talking about this for three hours from morning. Even today, meeting for more than two hours, I was already tired before lunch break. Still, it was a good meeting for me, the last meeting. I feel sorry, but in the end I feel relieved. It's not something I desperately want and want to do, but somehow I think we have to do it together, so if I say I don't do it, the situation becomes difficult. Personally, I was already making plans after leaving the company, saying that it would be nice to do business in Jeju with my friends. In a situation where both feet were soaking, I had to make a precise mind before a situation where I could not do this or that. I'm sorry, but there are clear limits to which responsibility and loyalty can go. I decided to do what I want, my work, with my beloved friends. For lunch, I ate bread and kimbap prepared thanks to the company event. Usually, I take the soaked rice the day before and eat it in a shared kitchen and eat lunch. Even today, I ate as soon as I went there, but since I didn't eat lunch, the rice remained in the rice bowl. There was a lot of food that came out at lunch, so I brought a sandwich, and I have to eat this for dinner, and I'll have to do this with tomorrow's lunch and dinner. Before leaving work, I stirred the rice in the rice cooker once. In the afternoon, I organized the story of preparing for a business with friends in chronological order. Four friends, each with a different personality, are working together to work, and I decided to take charge of the record there. When we had a meeting, when we met to do market research, when we made some decisions, and if we organize this process, it will certainly help later. And, as a faithful recorder, it is not difficult at all. It can also shake off my sorry for not being able to do market research together because I am physically far away. I wrote passionately all afternoon, ate snacks in between, and sometimes worked. As I said, since I finished all my hard work yesterday, I am not ashamed of playing like this! Still, if I get pointed out by my boss because of bad attendance, I always simulate that I would say this. "Sorry."  

I left work at 5:50. It was over 6:30 when I came home to see if the car was a little blocked. I was in a hurry to write a diary every day and think about uploading it by shooting. Yesterday, as soon as I came, I ate dinner and wrote a diary right away. Today, as soon as I arrived, the washing machine was turned on. I washed the blanket cover and changed it to a thin blanket. I ate the sandwich I brought for dinner. It seemed to be too cold, so I ate a hot fried egg. Even though I ate all the rice and cleaned up the laundry that had been on the clothesline for two weeks, the washing machine is still running. I cannot use my diary because of the noise. So I read "Service Design Thinking". The reason for reading such a book out of the blue is to analyze customers of new businesses starting with friends. Yesterday, I slept for about 30 minutes, but after a long time, I read the book with the mood of studying, and even though I put a timer next to it and read it, I looked at the clock every 10 minutes. It was very, very boring, time was running out, and progress was not made. I wish I had read a little more today, but I concentrated on reading while waiting for the laundry to finish. I hang the laundry, and I am writing a journal like this. Now, you can post this article on the brunch and edit the video.  

