---
title: Little Forest, Weekend, Everyday
subtitle : Story#202009150529
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Little Forest
 - Weekend
 - Everyday
date : 2020-09-14T20:29:25+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1535974939331-a297af217c97?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Environment and me  

After graduating, I lived near the school, but after three months of entering the main family in Icheon, quite a lot has changed. The route to work, the appearance of the weekend, and the aspect of hobbies. In Seoul, I used to run around Gaecheon near my house on weekdays, but there is no place to run near the main house. Also, due to the increased commute time, my exercise on weekdays was naturally reduced, so my exercise changed to climbing to Seolbongsan Mountain every weekend. Unlike Seoul, where public transportation is convenient and you don't really feel the need to drive, this place where the main house is located is not one or two uncomfortable things if you can't drive, but through Mother Car Chance! . Thanks to that, going to a pretty suburban cafe every weekend became another hobby.  

Looking at this, the characteristics of a person named'I' remain the same, but the environment seems to play a large role in expressing those characteristics. Each person has their innate characteristics, but does it seem that the manifestation pattern varies depending on the environment? It was done to the extent that I felt that the change in the three months after joining the home family seemed to be bigger than the change in the past year. I have to think about working in Jeju one day because the company's head office is currently in Jeju Island, but thanks to this, I was a little curious about what a person named Nara would learn when going to Jeju. If you plan to spend money on your hobbies, learn one of golf, skin scuba, and horseback riding. If not, why not do one of the Olle Trail Tour, Jeju Island Cycle, and Halla Mountain Climb? Of course, leaving Jeju Island's attractions and pretty cafe tours as standard.  

Nature and emotion  

As I went hiking every week for the third week, it is noticeable that the shape of the mountain changes every time I go. Unlike three weeks ago, when the beautiful buds were only shyly hidden, flowers with impatient nature were often noticed from the last week, and this week, azaleas greet each other happily. By next week, the flowers in full bloom will welcome me brightly in spring.  

Seolbongsan, where I go, is kind and comfortable. Comfortable mountain seems to be the best expression. The mountain is not steep, and it is quite ordinary to call it a superb view. But it's really enough to feel the comfort of nature.  

I felt it when I was running Gaecheon in Seoul, but in nature, people can awaken their emotions. I think a'poet' is a person who can look at people, objects, and the environment with affectionate eyes, but even if you look at a lot more poems praising nature than poems praising the development of cities or civilizations, nature is human emotion. You can infer what role it plays in awakening. I remember a young poet who lived with his family in the mountains before, whether he was a gifted discovery group or because he was able to embroider the world with beautiful poems, whether he liked it or not, because he naturally lived a life of friendship with nature. .  

Little Forest every weekend  

I commute to Gangnam, Seoul every day, but when I open the door, I can see the rice fields. If you need green onions while cooking, you will pick green onions from the garden in front of you, and in the spring, your mother will dig out mugwort and napa. When I eat parsley jeon, which is soft and crispy on the edge of the cold miso soup filled with spring scent, it seems to heal itself. It is not difficult to grill meat outdoors, so there is no reason to go camping. I've never seen Little Forest, but I feel like I'm taking Little Forest every weekend. During the week, I work in the building forest, but on the weekends I spend my day in the real countryside. The feeling that urban and rural sensibilities harmonize and mix in daily life is fresh and good.  

However, you can't always film Little Forest. This week, I ordered chicken in Bulgum. In Seoul, when ordering food for delivery, delivery apps such as Delivery People or Yogiyo are essential. Enter your address and pay by mobile payment. However, there are few businesses registered in the delivery app in the headquarters located in the'Eupmyeon-ri' unit. There are many types of food that cannot be delivered, and there are only two places where even the common delivery food chicken is delivered. It is also through a landline phone. He makes a phone call and talks about his address, but since it is almost a local business even at a chicken restaurant that is ordered, it is a nuance that does not welcome talking about his address like this. "Yes? Where are you?" Hearing all the addresses, he said his brother's name and said, "Ah, that's OO?" Do it. I'll tell you the name of your younger brother earlier. Seeing that this country sensibility is still unfamiliar and just fun, it seems that I have lived in Seoul for a long time.  

