---
title: Travel,everyday,Vietnam
subtitle : Story#202009150426
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Travel 
 - everyday 
 - Vietnam
date : 2020-09-14T19:26:34+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1468465635821-703cb581e432?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I had a great time in my second hometown, Vietnam. It feels like I went on another trip out of the usual trip by meeting my friends I missed and eating the food I wanted to eat. In addition to Da Nang where I lived, I went further south to Đắk Lắk (Dak Lak) and went to Đà Lạt (Da Lat), where I wanted to go.  

Most of the trips are sleeping buses. It's a little familiar after riding a few times, but running for about 10 hours is still unfamiliar and fun. On the way, she keeps calling and picking up people on the side of the road, picking up customers until there are no more seats, and smelling of cigarettes somewhere on the bus. It's a bus.  

The most interesting thing was dinner. When traveling from Da Nang to Dak Lak, I bought a bus ticket that includes dinner. At first, I didn't know that dinner was included, so I stopped at the rest area, so I was thinking of buying something to eat. But the bus driver took us somewhere and there was a meal ready for the bus passengers. We sat at a table with strangers and shared a meal. They don't tell me what I want to eat, and they share the prepared menu like a family. The uncle who sat next to me on the bus was already aware of this situation and brought Vietnamese traditional liquor in a small plastic bottle. The alcohol he brought out was also shared by everyone at the table. This is a memory I really want to keep.  

In Dak Lak, the main purpose was to go to a friend's wedding, rather than for tourism. Strictly speaking, it wasn't that I had been to Dak Rak, but rather than visiting Dak Rak Castle's'Buon Ma Thuot', I was surprised because it was a bigger city than I thought. Even though I have been in Vietnam for a long time, the only cities I have visited are large and famous cities such as Danang, Hue, and Ho Chi Minh. It's a city. It is said that this is the origin of G7 coffee, which many tourists visiting Vietnam visit, so it is certainly not a place to be understated.  

Next is Dalat. Dalat is still relatively well known to Koreans. The reason I wanted to visit Da Lat the most is because of just one sentence. “There are all four seasons in a day in Da Lat.” Because all of my Vietnamese friends love Da Lat so much, I roughly googled what was it for. At that time, I said'Ah, it's just the spring of Korea' and'Hey, because there is no spring in Vietnam, you may want to see it', but I got so curious about what a friend said.  

That friend was right. In the morning it's cool like the spring weather, and at lunch it's too hot for the first time in the summer, so you have to wear short sleeves, and it rains just like the rainy season in Korea. By the end of the day, it rains and the sky is as clear as autumn, and in the evening, as in winter, I ride a motorcycle while shivering in the cold. Throughout my stay in Da Lat, these rules have remained unchanged. That's why rainbows frequently float in the sky. Really, you can see the dark rainbow that you see for the first time in your life, where all the red-collar chopa-nambos are clearly distinguished. People say Dalat is a city of flowers, but I think it's not because of the many flowers, but because of its colorful colors.  

Is it because of the cool weather, the good host and the atmosphere of the homestay, or is it because of the person you are with? If you think about what your Dalat trip was like, you can see a smile on your mouth like Dalat's colorful flowers that have never been seen in Vietnam. Dalat was really different no matter what was different. I don't know if it's because I really enjoyed the trip with a whole traveler's heart, but it had a different look from Vietnam. It is quite different from what I have seen before, including numerous hillside streets, green houses with fresh strawberries and tomatoes, densely built Vietnamese European-style buildings, and various alleyways that fill the space between them.  

I haven't been to many places in Dalat, but it feels like I looked at Dalat intimately, perhaps because of the numerous alleyways where I tried to find a pretty cafe by motorcycle. Still, I want to come back strangely. There was nothing special, but something special.  

It's funny to talk about this with the city, but I thought I wanted to be someone like Dalat. Isn't it so attractive just to think of the depth that hides many alleyways while it is seemingly blunt, the relaxation of a city with four seasons when the neighboring cities clamor for being hot, and the coziness of growing various crops?  

This is the end of my vacation in Vietnam. It was a honey vacation for a novice backpacker who had just started.  

How would you like to travel? It was a world tour that I chose according to what I liked and what I wanted to do, but it wasn't always good. Sometimes, I think it would be better to come and go in short and thick 3 nights 4 days, 4 nights 5 days. Anyway, I leave all the hard and tired things well in Vietnam. Come to think of it, it seems that it only arouses Danang. He accepted me, who was humanly immature, and nurtured me, and when I left to do what I wanted to do, and whining because it was hard, I called back to Danang to take a rest. There is no such annoyance either. This is really my second hometown recognition.  

