---
title: Social distancing campaign, corona, everyday, cherry blossoms
subtitle : Story#202009150657
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Social distancing campaign
 - corona
 - everyday
 - cherry blossoms
date : 2020-09-14T21:57:03+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1485182708500-e8f1f318ba72?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Whether we know our hearts or not, cherry blossoms bloom beautifully as they always have, signaling the beginning of spring. Compared to previous years, there is less particulate matter and warm spring weather is continuing day after day. The hashtag ‘failed to keep social distancing’ appeared on Instagram. But did you say, "A crisis is an opportunity, an opportunity is a crisis"? Now is the time to be more careful and to end this situation as soon as possible, and at the same time, it is the time when the confirmed person can explode again and fall into chaos. As if the government was aware of this, on April 4th, it announced that it would extend "Social Distance" for another two weeks.  

When a person gets hurt or grunts somewhere, they realize how precious it was to live without getting sick before. The same is true of this situation now. The corona crisis, which has been covering the world beyond Korea for several months, reminded us how much we are grateful for the daily life we normally enjoy. If the day is fine, go outside to go to the park to see the cherry blossoms, go to the theater when new works are released, and on the weekends, gatherings with friends for a drink have been cut off at a moment, and this raises doubts about the normal society in which people live. .  

That's why social distancing is a remedy that we can do to breathe life back into our society. Just as if you are sick you have to take medicine and take a rest, today Korea needs medicine and rest. However, the decrease in the number of confirmed cases, the fatigue of being suppressed so far, and Korea's better quarantine system than overseas, led to the illusion that it is time for us to stop and get up. Apart from the closing of Seokchon Lake, Lotte World next to it is offering a half price discount, and the park as well as the club are crowded with people as if when did it. If at least one of them is confirmed in such a place and the radio waves spread, we will have to go into the dark tunnel again.  

The thought of “If it’s not me, I’ll be okay with me” is a thought that anyone can do, and it is a more dangerous way of thinking. At some point, the thought may spin and turn like a boomerang, hitting our backs. It was too late to regret and reflect on myself or someone I love was in danger. The boomerang you throw will already damage other people and will only come to you at the end.  

The reason we are socially distancing now is to close our distance from a “normal and normal” society. The closer we don't distance ourselves from the present (Corona 19) society, the farther away the society we originally knew. As we get farther and farther away, the moment we cross a certain Maginot line, we may never be able to return to the place we have been enjoying again. In order to ensure that social distancing is not distancing from the “original” society, but from the “confused,” society of the present, individual actions and practices are urgently needed. Now is the time to stop saying goodbye to this virus and live a world full of human odor. Hopefully sooner or later, we can meet outside without worrying.  

