---
title: Daily life, desire, rediscovery
subtitle : Story#202009150243
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - desire
 - rediscovery
date : 2020-09-14T17:43:53+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1562392249-582170da5d80?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

The invitation to daily life is an article to write down your thoughts at that time. There is no special system, no format, no publication cycle. The amount is arbitrary, and the degree of completion may be a bit inferior.  

Not only has many people died from Corona 19, but the global economy is shaken, and a situation that many self-employed people cannot withstand continues. My company's work is also facing a dynamic day-to-day situation due to the impact of Corona 19, but I am comforted that I am fortunate that there is no significant damage to health and income.  

The problem is that I, living abroad, couldn't go to Korea, and I couldn't even get around abroad. This country has blocked all entry and exit itself, so the only way to go to Korea is to launch a private plane. In addition, I walked to a curfew at night, and now it is impossible to even go anywhere. It is difficult to be unable to go to Korea and stay abroad, but the feeling of being suddenly trapped is very frustrating.  

I sit in the room and think about it. I think it would be nice if this situation improves now so that I can get around here. The feeling of redemption will decrease. However, the situation in which you cannot go to Korea and have to be tied up is also cumbersome. I think it would be really good to go to Korea alone. If you go to Korea, you will actually live a daily life that is not very different. Thinking about living comfortably without going to work.  

We often seek greater freedom when we are given freedom. It's not just freedom. I wish I had more money, and I wish I could raise my position. Even if you have the freedom that you desperately desire, even if you have more money, or even higher status, you will soon want a higher level. This is extremely relative. Just as having more people who are poorer than me does not reduce my difficulties, people seem to be dissatisfied in any situation.  

There are people who live infinitely pursuing these desires. They are people who are always actively doing something to address dissatisfaction in reality. We have limited acceptance of this kind of people, while acknowledging desires in capitalist society. Many of them are students who are striving to enter college, college students who are striving to find a job, and self-employed people who want to have even one more customer. There are many cases where a negative gaze is thrown at the chaebols' desire to grow. There may be many reasons for the difference, but I don't think it's bad for all of them to be basically the same desire. Maybe you think that desire makes humans human.  

On the contrary, some try to get rid of desire. Like a monk or a monk who wants to reach liberation. Usually they tend to respect those who suppress their desires. It is probably because it is as difficult as it goes against human nature. Of course, we could say that trying to get rid of desire is a kind of desire.  

The average person will repeat a life of sometimes pursuing desires and sometimes emptying. Because it is empty to constantly try to satisfy desires, and the state of removing all desires will also be empty. The two seem to be the opposite, but in a way, I think it's the road to the void. It is because the more desires are fulfilled, the more void, and the fulfillment of the desire to empty desires will also be empty. The end of desire seems to be empty unless we reach true liberation, which is difficult for me to imagine.  

It may seem like a desperate story at first glance, but it is comforting in my current situation. The situation you are trapped in now can be different depending on your thinking. Some people will feel cramped even if they wander around in Korea freely, while others may feel cramped for being on this planet even if they travel around the world. Even if you can do this vast space travel to your heart's content, you can feel cramped in the space itself. It's a relative mood, so try to give a positive meaning to your current life.  

Still staying in a pretty good hostel, and the meals are coming out well. The picture on the cover is what you see when you get out of the hostel and sit on a bench. Sitting on a bench, wearing a headset, listening to music, and watching the sights, you can feel a bit of a resort and feel a little better. When I draw out positive emotions from my daily life like this, I think it's not a bad situation. And at the end, I think like this.  



