---
title: Summer, everyday, beer
subtitle : Story#202009150628
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Summer
 - everyday
 - beer
date : 2020-09-14T21:28:06+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1592914070972-9566fe5929cd?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Written. Two suits  

In fact, we can talk about alcohol all year round. Even if you pick a drink that suits each season and a drink you remember, it will be a bunch. But I save a lot of alcohol on summer nights. A glass of draft beer on the terrace on a cool night after the hot day is over is so exciting that it feels like the essence of'alcohol'. There will be no such a happy moment throughout the summer.  

My favorite thing is you in summer  

In the F/W season, it is good to enjoy the rich flavor as it is, but in the summer, other drinks are added for a light body. Halla Tonic, which mixes tonic water in a ratio of 1:2 to Hallasan soju, and eliminates the fondant of lemon slices, and Jackcock, a sweet drink of coke in a ratio of 1:3 to Jack Daniel, is my main'home drink'. (syncopation)  

The story of alcohol  

In the summer of last year, to become a lonely adult enjoying a drink on the way home from work, I had a drink at a bar after work. From Korean liquors such as Lee Kang-ju and Moon Bae-ju, to cocktails with mint and margarita with watermelon, we entered the world of bright liquor. The taste that is not supported by economic power is lonesome, and the more expensive and good liquor I learned, the thinner my wallet and, as will continue, I am grateful for those liquors that served as the driving force for living a week. (Omitted) When alcohol is added, emotions rise and there are many things to be thankful for. That's a good thing.  

Alcohol makes a story. Unlike winter, when it is cold and withdrawn, summer nights are hot, angry, and full of desire to release condensed energy. A glass of alcohol pulls the trigger of that flaming heart, creating all the stories of love, anger, accidents, regrets, and so on. With a hand shade that covers the midday sun and socks moistened with sweat in the evening, I know the beginning of summer again. What kind of drinks will make a story this summer? Please leave it safe and beautiful. Black history makers, who are increasingly embarrassed, look to this year as well.  

The above article was published in Big Issue July 230.  

