---
title: Essay, everyday, dream
subtitle : Story#202009150713
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Essay
 - everyday
 - dream
date : 2020-09-14T22:13:14+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1600025281710-a2a367df1d08?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

The first cat, who has lived and lived together for 9 years, seems to be in poor condition, so I decided to go home a little earlier today. On the way back home with a laptop. I feel that the sun has grown a lot. Shall we fall down the side road for a moment There was a temptation to do it, but the cat's face was dim, so I just returned home.  

When I entered the room, the second person who heard my footsteps met me, and the first was sleeping roundly inside the blanket to see if he was sleeping. How have you been? I roughly said hello to the cats and looked around. I went looking for signs of vomiting again while I wasn't there, but there wasn't. Glad it was. After confirming that the first was okay, I decided to take care of the housework for the holidays. If I finish the housework in advance on a day like this, I'm very diligent because I don't have to touch my fingers on holidays.  

I decided to put the stacked laundry in the washing machine and make some side dishes while washing. When I cut the potatoes with a potato knife to make spicy boiled potatoes, a poem by poet Hwang In-chan suddenly came to mind.  

.  

.  

Washing rice  

I looked out the window  

It was a road leading to the forest  

Those people did not come in and out  

It's an old thing  

.  

.  

It is a poem. The opposite of my sink is just a wall, but I imagined it for a moment. It would be great if I had a small window across from me, and outside this window I could see a garden full of lush weeds and vines that seem to have covered the whole world. I said. The commentary of the poem of "Fig Forest" is also said to be a poem that expresses the poet's lonely heart, reminiscent of unfulfilled love for a while and then returning to reality.  

Perhaps it was the evening when I thought about someone for a while while cutting potatoes. But he wasn't as lonely as the poet. Rather... I was looking forward to tomorrow for some reason. Why wait for tomorrow, it's a mystery.  

