---
title : Love, love, everyday
subtitle : Story#202010040933
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Love
 - love
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-04T09:33:10+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1484677977821-37d8a3c9cdf2?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
『Romantic Love and Afterward Daily Life』 realistically depicts two men and women from meeting to marriage. It reveals not only the splendor of love, but also the pride of love.  

What is love? Beautiful love depicted in romance movies and dramas. It must be love. Then, an affair and an affair appearing in weekend soap operas. It seems somehow not love. No, love is love... … If you admit it as love, socially blah blah. It seems that the boundary between love and non-love is not clear. Let's change the perspective. What is not love? In other words, what is the opposite of love?  

A common answer is'hate'. Because hating someone means you don't love. But if you think about it, it's impossible to hate someone without love. You can hate someone when you trust and expect someone. Because if that person does something that violates trust and expectations, he will hate him. Even if someone who didn't expect anything in the first place does something wrong with us, we don't feel so hated. If you just want to tell a story that's off-topic, you can sometimes see people who hate everything in the world. Don't throw stones at them. They are people who have been hurt by the world and who once loved the world more than anyone else.  

Love isn't just romantic and brilliant. Because we love, we can hate and betray. The border of love is so wide that there is nothing that is not included in it. But on a daily basis, love is used as an unconditional positive meaning. Think of words like maternal love or first love. There seems to be no darkness because there is full of light. But think carefully. A mother who abuses her child with wrong maternal love, the first love that makes her give up the precious things in her life with her little passion The love is so brilliant that it leaves a deeper and darker scar.  

Love is sad. Have you ever seen a pile of firewood that burned hot and then burned everything down. When the wind blows, only the smoke rises. Love isn't just about burning. Rather, most of love exists in a state of ashes after burning. Love is the whole process.  

However, people do not describe love that has lost its heat as love. They say that love is not love that has lost excitement because of getting used to each other. We are volatile and intoxicated with intense love. However, love that lost the excitement and the daily life after a romantic relationship is also love. It is only that the color of love has changed. They got to know each other so well that everything was missing. Couples who have been by each other for a long time know each other's hearts just by looking at each other's eyes. Even though each of us is completely independent. How sublime it is. Being able to fully understand each other, the miracle of ordinary love.  

Love is definitely beautiful. There is not only excitement, freshness, and hotness in love. The conflict, familiarity, and side effects of love are also aspects of love. If there is an opportunity to retell the late Kim Kwang-seok's “It Was Not Love”, I would like to write this. "Even the love that I thought wasn't love was all love. The love that I couldn't do, even the love that hurts too much was love." Truly, love is something beautiful, but sad, and sometimes desperate. I can only explain that.  
