---
title : Freelance, Everyday, Essay
subtitle : Story#202010041057
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Freelance
 - Everyday
 - Essay
date : 2020-10-04T10:57:33+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1524357157238-7d55300162dc?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I have nothing to wish for in my life,  

I just wish I had a drink and lived a long time.  

When I started freelance, there were only two things I wanted. Earn in moderation and live well. It was also the title of the book I read when I dreamed of being a freelancer. The book contains stories of people who find work they like or use their aptitude to work a little more freely and enjoyably. Even though the frequency of enjoyment tends to decrease as soon as it becomes work, even if it is something you like, the characters in the book did not seem to have such anxiety or difficulty. It may have been because I read Tokyo while the bean pod was warm. In any case, I wanted to resemble their attentive minds, who are entertaining and active in life even a little. Of course, one side dreamed of a vanity routine, earning twice the company's income and working only when they wanted to. Rather, I wanted to become a person who receives the social curiosity and prejudice of the word freelance itself. Obviously, I wanted to do something that I earned in moderation and'lived well', but I think I was more interested in'living well' because I earned a lot. It's a job to eat and live, but what about those things? As I began to cling to the adverb of'well' more and more, there were more days to annoy myself, and I myself valued myself based on the numbers taken every month. .  

Reading a passage from "Doksan Haekyung" makes my senses cross. I raise my eyes in the air for a moment and think about whether I am doing well these days. I think of the sparkling eyes with a pure beginner. As if I was going to do it well, I try to touch the whim of the diary that I wrote down with enthusiasm and anger. Then he turns his eyes into the air on the other side and recalls. When I told my first disciples that if you don't live as you think, you will think as you live, so I hope you guys have a dream. Still worried about the problem of eating and living, and anxious about the future of my life, I laugh as I think about whether I am the one who deserves to say that. I wondered that the moment when I decided to live this way of life, it was like deciding to swim against society and the huge waves that it arouses every day. And I want to be a great person, so I wonder if I'm sick and seriously crying right now.  

I have nothing to wish for in my life,  

I just want to live long and laugh at the conversation like today.  

With translation, I wish I could consistently earn money for a sip of bitter coffee.  

Isn't this an example of the life of a freelancer who earns moderately and lives well?  

It records the recent thoughts I felt in my daily life.  
