---
title : Color, everyday, meditation
subtitle : Story#202010040959
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Color
 - everyday
 - meditation
date : 2020-10-04T09:59:55+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1520013817300-1f4c1cb245ef?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Each person has its own color. There is a feeling, and there is the person's tension and atmosphere.  

When in a good mood, there is an infinite high tension, and when he is calm, he is a meditation person with no effect. This is me. Different people have different colors and different moods, but I am this kind of person.  

I started meditation rather than meditation, and after a while since I just got dissatisfaction and negative gaze at everything around me, I don't feel very helpless or depressed. It wasn't a long life, but since I was a child, I had a lot of troublesome things and thought more than anyone else about how to live this life happily. It has been felt desperately in the last 1-2 years. Isn't life created by accumulating things that you feel and realize in the midst of events?  

There are a lot of diverse people in the world, and even around me, there are people who have a completely different color from me, but these days I often think that their differences are more harmonious and shine when they are together. It's fun.  

But surprisingly, there are people who are just like me. Amazingly enough. The width of the tension is similar, and the various tendency to challenge and think, it turns out that even mbti is the same. It's a fun world.  

Anyway, there are many times when I get to realize this and that, and sometimes even very little things are enlightened, but these minor enlightenments are very valuable because those things little by little affect the direction and values of my life. It's not something big, a lecture, or something deliberately done to get inspiration, it's something you get from a calm everyday life, and if you don't pay attention to it, it just passes by. Calm your mind, and when you talk with me, you can hear and see such trivial things. But if I don't even record this, it stays in my head for a while like a dandelion sprout and then leaves. So I decided to start recording. It's not a grandiose and not too intense color, but the things that you can realize in a calm, achromatic everyday life.