---
title : Emotional essay, daily life, reason
subtitle : Story#202010041050
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Emotional essay
 - daily life
 - reason
date : 2020-10-04T10:50:48+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1521866337281-e7207a7159c9?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
There are moments where you feel like you've realized everything.  

There are times when it is very easy to understand (or be considered to have become) all the fierce and complex relationships in all countries, industries, religions, politics, and human relations in all countries, industries, religions, politics, and human relationships.  

I feel that giving is more rewarding in the life I just wanted.  

The resentment and irritation for a life that was not resolved at will,  

‘Well, that may be the case, is it a good life if I do what I want? If everyone can live that way, wouldn’t the definition of the good, the wonderful, and the success be meaningless.’  

As I reached the conclusion, I felt as if I had become a master monk  

There are moments when even the slightest complaints accumulated in the heart are blown up like dust and disappear as if scattered in the air.  

However, despite this high level of realization,  

Monday starts again, jumps into the subway where countless lives are entangled, and when you go back to work, such awakening is nowhere to be found and I miss it again.  

My, my own, only time for me  

Humans who cannot understand and,  

In front of ridiculous demands and goals, I become a dust-like human that can't be seen a step ahead, face reality, and kick my bubble.  

What,  

So, thanks to that, the species of humanity is surviving very slowly, extending the time it stays on Earth a little bit more, so I have not contributed to the survival of humanity either.  

However, if everyone faces too much reality, there are few people who will overcome the choking, so we need to have time to dream and to be immersed in our emotions.  

So, to your heart's content, as much as you want, dreamy and immerse yourself  

Anyway, when Monday comes, my world has grown rapidly  

It will be sharpened and cut again and trimmed...  
