---
title : Kindergarten, child, everyday
subtitle : Story#202010041005
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Kindergarten
 - child
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-04T10:05:13+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1490424660416-359912d314b3?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
It is already June. Confused by the corona, a similar daily life flowed out of the way, with the child being beaten and fried. Kindergarten entrance date, which was unlikely to come, has come, and last week at 12 o'clock this week, we are in the House of Representatives at 1 o'clock. My daughter is very unfamiliar because it was the first time she took the shuttle bus and went to the House. When I get into the car, sit down and look at me outside the window, I feel like I don't want to go. Still, the appearance of waving his hand without crying is bold and salty. When I was 3 years old, I cried and blew, but now I stop crying and get ready to go to Juseomju Island. As a mother, I must have grown up too. When I first sent my child to the daycare center, the door was closed and my feet couldn't leave because of a cry. Even after sending a child and coming home, I felt uncomfortable, but now I have had more time to experience it. Of course, my heart hurts, but besides, there are some feelings of anxiety because the corona has not ended. After being at home with my mom for three months, I'm going to go away so I don't want to go. However, I believe that over time you will be able to adjust well and have fun.  

Was the last time you posted on brunch in April? I was lazy. During the day, I played with my child, watched a movie at night, and drove a drama. It feels good to see without thinking, so I couldn't sleep until dawn and looked at my cell phone. Thanks to this, wrist pain and stiffness in my eyes. After a long time watching good dramas and movies, I was alone, so I felt obligated to do my homework. Although no one is waiting, I want to keep my promise that I will not let go of my writing. While I wasn't writing anything, I decided to read other people's writings. Let's take a closer look at the surroundings. Even from a distance. And I decided to read and write more.  

I moved. I heard that finding a private house these days is picking stars in the sky, so I barely found a place to go. My husband's burden has increased and it has become more distant from the child's kindergarten. It's a little disappointing that I'm also far from my close neighbor (although it's a quick car ride). This is a place that my husband and I have a lot of affection for. It was the place where I raised my newborn daughter until now at the age of five, and it was a very small house, so I complained inside, but it was still neat and my family was able to get along well without any problems.  

I am organizing my luggage. Sell what you don't use, throw away what you throw away. It's exciting to say it's a new place. I feel sorry for getting out of my familiarity, but every time I get older, the excitement decreases, and I have to feel the excitement to my heart's content until I move out.