---
title : Name, dining table, wine
subtitle : Story#202010041040
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Name
 - dining table
 - wine
date : 2020-10-04T10:40:56+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1591465897635-27a579732deb?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Before entering elementary school, my name was'Soyoung'. When I entered elementary school, my father changed my name. According to my father's words, this is a name that feels'more tortuous'. I do not want to reveal my real name here, so I am only sorry for my father, who wished to be widely known.  

I thought'Soyoung' was a somewhat welcoming and atmospheric name, and as I grew up, my nostalgia for my childhood name was very great. I once told my father to return my name again. When I was in adolescence, I often read books and looked for cool names and asked my friends to call me by that name. There were days when the practice book was filled with the practice of signing with the aim of making the autographs cool because neither this nor me.  

There were also times when I liked my name. It seems that it was at that time when everything was fantastic like a rainbow.  

However, as he grew up after that, a person named'I' suffered with'my name'. At this point, the reader may think,'Is this person's name unusual?' It is not. I am a very common name. I think it's not only plain but pretty. However, the name represents oneself and is a pronoun for taking responsibility. So, I don't use my real name at the mart and use'Lucy'. The clerk looked at me once more and said,'Are you from another country?' It is satisfactory except for the expression of that expression.  

Jacques Lacan, who is credited with further developing Freud's scholarship, said that while learning language, humans enter the symbolic world from the imagination and begin to feel a deficiency. In the imaginary world, my mother is the age and I have no need. Then, after starting language, a human being separated from his mother soon feels a deficiency, and the desires to fill the deficiency gathered to make him desire, and what he found was distorted, so it is difficult for humans to escape the chain of deprivation until death. In his research,'language' plays a very important role in human inquiry, and he said that humans express the unconscious as'language'. At this time,'language' includes not only words but also words in a symbolic aspect. Lacan's language is an ideology. As I studied languages, I became more sensitive to names. Would Romungari write "Life Before Her" under the pseudonym Emil Hazard?  

When I was young, I learned Korean for the first time and learned'I','You' and'We' out loud. 'I' is different from you but can be'we'. Here are the conditions. This is possible when we accept the ideology of our society as it is. What I hate is black and white logic. What's wrong with gray... As I always struggled with choices in my life, I wonder if I'm a'deterministic choice impairment'. It is not easy to be “we” in our society.  

Even if I don't go on a trip, I find comfort by lifting my passport once in a while. I am happy to see the things with the entry card stamped where I went. However, the complaint about my passport is that my last name is wrong in the English of the passport. My last name is Willow Ryu (Yu), and the English surname is Lu (LU). No matter how much I wanted to change my name, I am not the one who wants to change the roots my father gave me. Perhaps the first time I created my passport was when I didn't know English well. So I tried to remake my passport. However, an official from the management bureau is saying that the surname cannot be changed under the laws of Korean passport. The reason is that'Ryu' and'Lu' are similar. They thought it was a foreign language anyway, so I guess it's because I'm overly sensitive, so I decided to accept it. Others don't even care.  

In this way, the reason my pen name became Mr. Lu came from the surname of the passport that started absurdly. When I don't want to reveal my real name but I don't like other English names, it is to live this society as'we'. The surname my father passed on is Mr. Ryu, but he becomes'Lu' and writes it in English as'LUcee'.  

It's'My Table', so I'll try to make a wine drink sangria on a summer's day by liquor Lucy.  

Shall we salute together?  

Sangria is a representative wine drink in Spain. Wine is the main focus for making various kinds of fresh fruits, tangy cider or sparkling water, and heavy and soft red wines like mellots. You can also use sweet Concord wine or sweet white wine such as Shangri-A or Moscado Dasti sold at the mart. If you continue to drink it with a sweet and cool taste, you should be careful because it is drunk. Although it was thinner due to ice and carbonated water, it was obviously wine and alcohol.