---
title : Everyday, we
subtitle : Story#202010040955
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Everyday
 - we
date : 2020-10-04T09:55:24+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1592845351216-3ee5b3fba749?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Daily life feels as if given to us for granted, but when a situation where daily life collapses or threatens as seen in the current Corona 19 situation, it becomes clear how close we are to our daily life and how much we need it.  

Daily life is a haven for the soul built with bricks of habit. In today's threatening world, Zipcock has become part of a new life. However, daily life is an empire of batting average. Housekeeping is dominated by all sorts of accidental arrangements, and is far from autonomy. For this reason, it is necessary to put in a lot of effort to secure leisure time according to autonomy. Perhaps the reason why we watch movies and fall into novels is that the screens and the people in the novels appear freely in such daily life. So, how can you get out of this everyday battling bond?  

The best way to do it is to do the housework on time. We tend to disregard and neglect household chores as if they were just cumbersome. However, it does exist. Holidays When I'm having a late breakfast and thinking about washing the dishes after a while, drinking tea, watching TV dramas or surfing the internet, that means I'm not there while washing the dishes. When washing dishes, washing dishes should be the most important thing in your life. When you're drinking tea or surfing the internet, that should be the most important thing in the world.  

If you feel something annoying or distressing, it's because you think it's getting in the way of doing other important things. However, if you think about it, another job is waiting after that important job. You're worried about your next meal or what to do when you come to work tomorrow. Considering the stress we are experiencing is evidence that we want to be somewhere other than where we are. The problem we have is actually just a big pile of small problems. Solving the small problems in the pile is solving the big problems.  

Bernard Glassman wrote the following verse in "The Recipe for Life", based on the experience of offering a temple. “When we start a new job, we are usually hasty. "I just want to do something, anything right away." But Chef Sun knows that if there are dirty dishes from yesterday in the kitchen, you can't cook. To check what ingredients you can use, you need to have order first. From the point of view, every change and everything starts with emptying, and cleansing plays a decisive role. .  

Life is the same. At the beginning of the day, you need to clear your mind first. It is necessary to empty the mind and relieve anxiety. Paying attention to seemingly trivial things can change our lives. Big problems of life are always piled up in our heads. It may be related to work or life. Anyway, they are heavy and big problems that weigh on me. However, you can't cook unless you remove the dishes in the kitchen.  

The real art of life starts with the problem in front of you. The most confident person is the person who lives the daily life properly.