---
title : Telecommuting, Corona, Daily
subtitle : Story#202010041019
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Telecommuting
 - Corona
 - Daily
date : 2020-10-04T10:19:53+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1590245623747-050dc9f20a54?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Last week, my husband started working from home due to Corona 19. It was my first time working from home after 20 years of my company life. Out of five days a week, he said he went to work two days a week and three days at home. If you need to go to work, you can use your own car or taxi to cover the expenses as company expenses. I thought I had to have infrastructure (?) to work from home, but I thought that Corona 19 was a more capable (?) infrastructure than anything else. I told the story that my daughter picked up on Twitter. “Mom, people say that this is why nobi should also be a nobi in a great job.” He probably saw self-help articles from young people about a company that couldn't work from home despite this situation. It's not wrong, but that doesn't mean my father's company is a big game. Thanks to Corona 19, my husband became a novice (?) ㅜㅜ  

The day before working from home.  

“But where do I work?”  

“A pig at the dining table. Can't we just clean it up when we eat?”  

On weekends, I sometimes talked as if I remembered that my husband brought his company computer and saw it at the table. In my home with only children's desks, I can't just use the table to do something for me or my husband.  

"That's a little..."  

As if my husband was in trouble, the words were blurred. I was always doing it, but I suddenly wondered why...  

"okay? Then use your son's room.”  

“Is it okay for my son to sleep?”  

“If you wake up and tell them to grow up in the bedroom, you are a pig. Wake up well when you wake up. It's hard to wake up your daughter. So what time can I set the alarm? If I turn on the computer at 9, am I going to work?”  

“If you wake up and tell them to grow up in the bedroom, you are a pig. Wake up well when you wake up. It's hard to wake up your daughter. So what time can I set the alarm? If I turn on the computer at 9, am I going to work?”...  

I do not sleep at night and my husband does not sleep at night. On weekends, this difference feels great, but it doesn't mean much on the days when the child is going to school or while the husband is going to work. Regardless of your instincts, it's better to get up first and sleep the latest.  

The first day of working from home.  

As expected, my husband, who did not go to work, woke up early. My husband wakes up early on days when he doesn't go to work. I didn't have to let my husband go to work, but I got up late at 8:30 in the morning and went to my son's room. While he woke up his stupid, dying son and transferred it to his master bed, he set up a company computer on his son's desk, plugged in speakers, and fitted a gaming keyboard. 9 o'clock. My husband went into the room and asked for a morning coffee. It was morning coffee that I didn't drink at home. I took a warm Americano from Nespresso and delivered it to my husband.  

I started the morning as my husband said, “You sleep more.” In the carefully opened son's room, I heard the sound of my husband's keyboard mixed with the radio. In addition to lighting the keyboard, gaming keyboards make loud noises when you hit the keyboard. My son, who got up around my husband's lunch break, heard the sound of his keyboard and said.  

"Dad's company also use that?"  

“No way, the sound is so loud, can I use it? But if you only listen to the sound, doesn't it seem like you're having fun?”  

"Ha ha ha"  

When it comes to working from home, I thought that I would finish a given job regardless of working hours, but my husband's work from home was a regular extension of the company life, where he went to work at a fixed time, eats at a fixed time, and leaves at a fixed time. The only difference is that the distance to commute by 3 hours each day has been shortened to 1 minute and the time to eat has increased. That's why you said you can't do it at the table.  

The second week of working from home.  

I read in a newspaper yesterday that the divorce rate has skyrocketed in China since the coronavirus outbreak. It was written that it seems like a temporary phenomenon as the couples are stuck all day long. I didn't believe it, but it was understandable. I was also worried when I heard about my husband working from home. If social distancing must be maintained to prevent COVID-19 infection, families must maintain emotional distancing for a happy family life. But 24 hours together. I wonder if working from home is a newlywed? It wasn't a good thing for a couple and children who became adults in 20 years. But in the second week of working from home, we are doing better than we thought.  

We are experiencing unprecedented events, starting from postponing the opening of university and postponing the opening of elementary, middle and high school, to working from home. My daughter, who was always disappointed with the short vacation, said,'I didn't know that I wanted to go to school while living' after three weeks of postponement. I thought I didn't have enough time on my own because of a three-hour part-time job, but I also miss a brief outing for a part-time job. My husband, who wished the company was near his home, is frustrated with working from home because it was difficult to get up early in the morning and go to work an hour and a half. Even the son of the housekeeper says that he is bored. These days, when our daily lives have collapsed due to Corona 19, we are feeling the preciousness of the comfort that our daily lives like habits give.