---
title : Leisure, everyday, boston
subtitle : Story#202010040941
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Leisure
 - everyday
 - boston
date : 2020-10-04T09:41:18+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1542810444-5af087cab98d?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
A life in which you can relax and enjoy the small daily life  

Two months have passed since I came to the US, and I am living a new life with a different charm from Seoul.  

We were a weekend couple at Dink, so we kept the housework to a minimum and focused on their respective careers. As if I was always chased by time, I couldn't take care of my health, I couldn't afford to look back, and it was hard to take care of each other. Is it the vitality you give to your life from a new experience that breaks away from your routine? In particular, I cannot work without a work permit with a J2 visa, and I am enjoying the life of a freelancer with this full-time housewife who never knows when I will be able to experience it again.  

Regular healthy life, all three meals with my own hands  

In Seoul, it's common to work until dawn, then fall asleep around 2 to 3 o'clock (which means reducing calories intake) and skip the morning. It was a life of eating out more than home meals. Even when I ate home meals, side dishes and soups from my parents and in-laws were prepared in the refrigerator. Sometimes when you want to feel good, you eat simple pasta, gambass, or steak. And most of all, if you want to eat something, you can eat out or deliver it, so it seems that you didn't even think about cooking.  

When I come to America, I feel like shooting'Three O'clock Three Meals'. After eating breakfast, lunch and dinner, the biggest worry on earth is "What are you doing today?". What I want to eat here is to do it with my own hands. Being properly alone... I can't eat the same thing every day, so I search the Internet for recipes and think about the menu for a week. And experiment mainly with what materials are available. After shopping, cleaning the ingredients, cooking, and cleaning, the day goes by. When you come here, you can try jangjorim, seaweed soup, beef miso soup, beef musk soup, chicken stir-fry soup, even nurungji baeksuk, short rib soup, and chicken teriyaki that you have never really thought of in Korea! I've been training for two months, so I'm not afraid to cook for some reason anymore. In Korea, sometimes, when I eat food, the depth of the taste is bad, the taste is crispy, and the mate is sweet (in fact, he cooked better than me) and now it is delicious. In particular, I praised Jangjorim and Seaweed Soup that they seemed to have reached the stage :) It was not that I couldn't, it was because I didn't try it...!  

In Seoul, I slept late so I couldn't get a good night's sleep and it was always tired days. Smartwatch's sleep score is always around 50... Whenever I come to this place, I go to bed at 10 am and 11 am, so I open my eyes at 6 am. My sleep score is in the 90s range _ I dreamed and worked in my dreams almost every day, but these days I really faint and wake up. What kind of riches and glamorous movies I had until dawn... I realized how important it is to my health to live a regular life.  

Small daily life that focuses on me  

The life of a housewife who has experienced it for the first time after marriage is not easy. To get it right, it takes all day, but the tea doesn’t work well, and if you don’t do it, the tea comes again. I did. Now that I get used to it, I have a trick to distributing to-dos for each day of the week and cooking a lot at once. When I do housework, there are times when I am annoyed and there are things I don't want to do, but when I finished, my heart was refreshed and I felt better. It's important to do my career-building work, but I realize that caring and managing the space I live in and what I eat is one of the ways to love me.  

In Korea, even if I go to the mart in front of my house for some reason, I don't think I should go to the grocery store, and I was worried about the gaze of others, but I feel like I have returned to a natural person here. It feels like I've threw off the corset that has been holding me off since I'm free from the gaze of others I could never give up high heels, and I couldn't even imagine going out wearing glasses, but in this place, I wear sneakers and glasses. Not long ago, high-heeled shoes arrived as luggage from Korea, but they didn't wear it. I have to style myself as I am, while enjoying the comfort of myself enough, but revealing my own personality.  

There is no one to meet, and during the daytime here in Korea is night, so I can't even come to Kakao Talk, so I have time to focus on myself. When I wake up, I meditate for about an hour, and after breakfast, I simply clean. A life where you can use your time as you please, without touching anyone who spends time reading books, taking a nap, reviewing papers, writing papers in the sun. I'm just focusing on what I'm doing now and learning about the happiness of enjoying the little things. When the day gets warmer, I'm already excited to go to libraries, art galleries, and museums. I don't know when I will start working again, but when I start working, I think I will miss this little routine.  

Preparation for the next leap forward  

Employment before graduation-Master's enrollment in 3rd year of experience-Employment before master's graduation-Ph.D. program start in 12th year of experience-University lectures, projects, thesis... Without a vague feeling, I constantly ran toward the things I wanted to achieve. He seems to have suffered an obsessive compulsion that seems to be rejected if he doesn't live in a busy way. So I keep working, making things, and getting stressed...  

After adjusting to my daily life in this place, I suddenly said,'Isn't I being rejected! Anxiety and anxiety and'I was busy, but what did I do?' Sometimes I get impatient at the thought of doing it. But every time I do that, I take a deep breath, put down all my past and careers, empty my mind, and try to take a leisurely look inside. When negative thoughts come, you can feel uncontrollable depression and helplessness, so it's okay if you don't do anything,'but let's not waste time', and'let's do the things I care about, one by one'. I have. This is a big influence of my partner's encouragement, who encouraged me to say,'Think about what you want to do and do it all' when I am anxious or worried sometimes.  

Instead of worrying too much about things that haven't happened at this opportunity, things that are outside my influence, and getting stressed out in advance, I'm grateful for the space given after a long time and try to use it as an opportunity to grow my shortcomings and areas that can fill more. Do it.  

These days, people are enjoying a simple life that relieves unnecessary worries, anxieties, and greed, focuses on me, and pursues little happiness. I realize that my perspective on life has changed a little thanks to this precious time of recharging with a calm mind that I have never experienced before. That life is a direction, not speed. It is more important to set the direction well than to achieve a certain goal/object faster than anyone else. People seem to change and grow and become more mature according to their experiences and circumstances. How much will I change and grow with this experience...?