---
title : Pilgrimage Road, Santiago, Everyday
subtitle : Story#202010040927
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Pilgrimage Road
 - Santiago
 - Everyday
date : 2020-10-04T09:27:21+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1512724558390-814c10eef1a9?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
The Santiago pilgrimage route is ironic, but there is a beginning and an end. So, in the end, walking along this path becomes a daily routine. On average, it takes about 30 to 32 days. This is also a funny story. The road of pilgrimage is also quantified and the time and cost before leaving are calculated. Well, it is the fastest and most intuitive way to explain something to someone based on quantified data. However, for some reason, I try not to write the articles on this journey in order, as in the first day and the second day.  

If you walk on this road that takes about a month, it becomes a daily routine. Unfamiliar landscapes, awkward sleeping places, hot sunlight or cold weather, I finally confront and continue. Like it was in my life. New encounters, environments, new things... just as they are no longer new and become everyday. Thank you for finding your favorite menu on a strange menu board. Sayings like hello becomes a daily routine that comes out automatically.  

Will I ever be able to complete this road? , What will I realize and go back to? After a moment when the worries such as worries become everyday, what to eat for this evening, I hope today's accommodation is good. It is replaced by worries of the degree. That doesn't mean that the journey ends after eating, sleeping, walking. If someone asks what the day was like, Monday was too hot for a week, and it rained on Tuesday. The accommodation was really bad on Wednesday. Thursday was too cold. I hate walking on Friday. Saturday lunch was really good. Sunday is the day when Spanish restaurants and supermarkets are closed. I think I will answer.  

Well, these are things that can be experienced enough even in a week in Korea. By the way...I walked and washed by the tap on a hot day in the sunlight, and when I was very young, the summer school playground came to mind. The days when it was hotter than the weather so I had to run around. As I walked through the field, it suddenly rained, and I suddenly remembered when I had been in the rain without an umbrella. And at that moment, the touch of wind and rain was felt in my five senses. It was the first time that the rain and the wind felt so vividly. Because I can feel nature, I can feel the sound of my heart. I really felt like I was alive.  

The lodging was really bad, but the kitchen was nice, so I ate dinner with other pilgrims and drank wine, but there was no lodge where I slept better than that day. Thanks to that, I made a lot of new friends. Then I didn't want to walk for no reason, and there are days I want to quit today. I remember the things I gave up while living for no reason, but even at this moment, I hate thinking of those moments, but I didn't know why I thought I gave up on what I didn't want to do.  

They say that the people that come to mind when eating delicious food are those who really love and care for them. He suggested food to the friends sitting next to him. And I remembered my mom and dad. I don't know if I remember my mom's food. Even in this country and on Sundays, shops are closed and the streets are peaceful, so I thought that people live the same way. I think he will tell you a story like this.  

The best thing about the Santiago pilgrimage route that I think is that the road becomes a daily routine, and the greatest advantage is that it makes me feel my former daily routine. And, like those who pass by me and those who protect me, even though I didn't know, the biggest attraction seems to be that there are so many ties that pass me by and things that support me on this road.  

I hope that everyone who reads this article will also meet good ties in their respective paths...