---
title : Daily life, life, beginning
subtitle : Story#202010041034
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - life
 - beginning
date : 2020-10-04T10:34:51+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1578300253266-dedd2cd40912?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
5 and 6 are different  

There was a turning point in life.  

There have been many times, but the biggest change in my life was living alone in Seoul.  

Even before that, I lived alone, but living in Seoul was a true independence starting an hour away from my parents. Living in Seoul has changed my life a lot more than I thought.  

Values, things I like, things I hate, things I eat, people I meet, dreams, love, even my bank account balance.  

During the four years I lived in Seoul, I lived not to eat but to have fun,  

By the time I felt that I had achieved some of that goal, it was January 1, 2020, and I turned 36.......  

I needed comfort and I needed a transition. And above all, adaptation was urgent.  

36 years old, 36 years old.. Sapphire sixty-six...  

"What's different about eating another year?"  

"5 and 6 have different feelings. It's over half."  

"Well... I'm not sure"  

"You were 55 kilos and then 56 kilos! How do you feel?"  

"Oh... I know the dust... But I look like that?"  

I came alone.  

At 36, it wasn't a very different routine, but there were changes.  

I decided to set a new goal, and I decided to do it.  

I decided to start the writing work that I had folded and put anywhere, and put it into action.  

As if he had a few days to live, he said with confidence, "I will do what I wanted to do!"  

So it seemed to me to live a different life now. True 36 is the target!  

Remembering when I started living in Seoul with confidence  

I decided to start the essay with the pledge that "Life starts from 36 years old!!!"  

After thinking about things, I suddenly remembered what I had said at a small bar that I stopped by to celebrate my moving day.  

"How many are you?"  

"I'm here alone!!!!"  

In fact, I had a lot of thoughts before that.  

I came alone, but I am not alone  

I'm alone but I'm alone  

What about being alone  

I liked the title I decided after muttering alone.  

so  

I came alone.  

I started working as a brunch writer, hoping it wasn't the mistake of the'Brunch' team.  

I am going to publish a series of clichéd and obvious essays about the everyday life of a single woman in her 30s.  

The writing skills are low, it's not cool, there is no railroad, but the material itself is already too common.  

But it won't be boring.  

Grow together.