---
title : Marketing, corona, trend
subtitle : Story#202009221722
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Marketing
 - corona
 - trend
date : 2020-09-22T17:22:27+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1504139969750-3244f9258fce?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
We illuminate the changes that come alive through the disappeared things caused by the Untact Era.  

It is a situation where no one can predict whether it will be a “black swan” that represents an unpredictable extreme situation after the overcoming of Corona 19, or whether it will become a “new normal” that we encounter on a daily basis in 5 years or less.  

These days, extraordinary everyday life is being built into a new everyday life while coping with an unfamiliar environment that has never been experienced. We want to illuminate the things that are happening and disappearing every day from the usual daily life due to Corona 19.  

One of the biggest changes in our daily life is “declining exchanges”  

Face-to-face encounters that disappear, “live” burns  

Recently, I talked to a developer in Pangyo and said, “Let's meet at Zoom” while talking about having tea time after a long time.  

Like this, everyday small encounters are being made through non-face-to-face. You can catch a glimpse of the changes in broadcast programs just by looking at the comedy programs that are currently being conducted by gathering audiences.  

Even if you don't visit in person, you can participate in live programs through video, and if their role as passive audiences was minimized before, now they are transforming into active participants by communicating directly with the performers and making food.  

Delivery at home, cooking at home, wind blowing in the food industry  

The days when I was only a chef on Sunday are gone...  

With the advent of the Untact (non-face-to-face) era, two of the most important food, clothing and shelter for humans, food culture and space, are facing a different change than before.  

Compared to the past, when we preferred the service of handing food directly to people emotionally, a change that cannot be easily imagined is gradually taking place in us. The search volume of sales/transport companies such as Coupang, Gmarket, and Auction that deliver fresh food has also increased significantly in line with the time when Corona 19 spreads in Korea.  

Among 1,941 companies in Korea, 3 companies ranked in the top 10, and the method of purchasing groceries through non-face-to-face online delivery is becoming more diverse and rapidly increasing users.  

This phenomenon is occurring not only in Korea but also around the world.  

Given this situation around the world, it is expected that food-related companies are using SNS and YouTube to publish content that narrows the distance from consumers, focusing on solving the emotional shortage felt in the face-to-face.  

The existing physical space will be rewritten centering on'online' and'nature'  

Nature and online to “live” in a vanishing office  

The perception of traditional spaces is also changing.  

The reorganization of existing physical buildings, which was taken for granted through online opening and telecommuting, is expected to accelerate for some time.  

In general, there is a tendency to accelerate when a phenomenon exceeds a certain divergence point (Tipping Point).  

As a result, concerns about the flexibility of the labor market are also growing.  

In his book, futurist Jason Schenker predicted that if the existing medieval apprenticeship education structure was non-face-to-face, digital education would make it easier for more people to receive a variety of education at low cost.  

Various attempts are being made in Korea, including video conferencing service Zoom and TikTok, a social network service popular with MZ generations, expanding online lectures with the Gyeonggi Province Office of Education.  

The one Office of Education has officially opened and operated a TikTok channel and publishes various educational contents.  

Microsoft has also recently reinforced the function of Teams, a video conferencing service, and introduced UX (User Experience) that enhances the level of immersion as if sitting in the auditorium during a class or meeting.  

In addition, there is a fierce struggle between companies to increase productivity.  

As the time spent at home and online increases, the interest in nature, which can be socially distant, also increases as a counter benefit.  

Hikers are increasing and camping demand is growing.  

Untact, how should we prepare?  

We must not simply focus on not directly facing consumers, but analyze them through data, a digital asset, and respond to changing trends by increasing opportunities for utilization.  

It is certain that you are at a point where you need to make time to live a better life than you are now. At the same time, isn't it time to focus on the value of communication once again without losing sight of the continuing value of new ideas and connections online beyond non-face-to-face?  

After editing the article posted on Data Marketing Korea's blog, Mobi Inside introduces it once more.