---
title : Daily life, childcare, son
subtitle : Story#202009221706
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - childcare
 - son
date : 2020-09-22T17:06:51+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1509125602259-dc019b0b874f?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I fell asleep after 5 am.  

School closed in the 5th week. A mother, who has a daughter and son in elementary school, nags in the back of the children every day, meditates every night, and regrets and reflects. And I worry.  

"Why is it so hard to raise a son after raising a daughter?"  

Parents of a house with siblings, especially an older sister, seem to be similar.  

The same is true of me. A daughter who is bright since childhood, has a lot of curiosity and greed, and has many things she wants to do. The young daughter said that she always wanted to do something, and she always had fun and swept all the prizes because she didn't have to see the end. It didn't take long to get used to even when I went to a new place, and quickly took the lead, overtaking existing children.  

It was always a pleasure to teach my daughter to study. When I asked for one and taught me one, the curiosity continued to bite the tail on the tail and gave a fresh stimulus by telling me something I didn't think about. So, conversation with my daughter has always been a pleasure. All I would do to my greedy and unwilling daughter was to read'It's okay if I can't, it's okay if I make a mistake'.  

By the way! Doo~Dong. My son, born two months ago, always embarrassed me. If a son is counted as one, he is a child who does only one.  

When I was young, I ate only banana milk every day, but eventually stopped working after an overwork. When I was stuck in curry, I had to eat curry every other day. My son, who has always enjoyed his daily life, is free-spirited, and is the strongest and most aegyo, is a'vitamin at home' that always makes us laugh out loud, although not like his sister.  

However, these wacky and sometimes distracting things are making me difficult these days, unlike before.  

First week of school closure. Although it was already stretched enough for a long, long catamaran holiday, I tried to get ready to go back to my daily routine by doing exercise while I was like this for my children. Solving only two problem books a day...  

As always, my daughter had no worries.  

It was a family that liked sports, so during the day, I wore a mask, rode inline, and made simple foods with my children as snacks. Mattang, I made an'appetizer' that I had at a Spanish restaurant, bought vegetables and fruits, washed and ground them together, and watched Netflix together. After spending time like this, the day went by. Of course, I thought I would go to school next week, so I wasn't burdened.  

And the second week. At school, I sent homework, emphasizing that it is now homeschooling. Homework as much as the amount they learn at school was given by e-mail every day, but I decided to follow along so that the children would not be stressed out.  

But my son tested my patience. 30 minutes to sit at the desk. 30 minutes to pick up the pencil. It takes 30 minutes to make up your mind. And 10 minutes after solving a bare problem, I poured out questions on topics that were not related to different thoughts and study. Besides, what kind of writing is it? All I could recognize was that white is paper, and black is text. From moment to moment,'Mr. Wook' raised his head inside me. In a hurry, I remembered the parenting book related to my son I had seen before. "Yes, my son said that if he nags for a long time, he only listens to the words in front of him, briefly and strongly!"....... But, "Such a horn. After all, parenting is just a parenting book!" The theory and practice are always different corporations.  

And another next week. The homework that comes out every day is piled up, but I'm the only one who is nervous.  

I get up late, eat breakfast and lunch, and sit down, but the situation is also a dodol. Regardless of the amount of homework, I thought I had enough of my morning study by unpacking a print or two. Nagging is full again!  

"Let's make up for the insufficient part and correct only the writing properly"  

I studied Vietnamese with my son next to my son so that he could change his mind and avoid prolonged nagging.  

However, the son who always deviates from my expectations and gives him a different kind of fun. The son again missed my expectations. This time my son was stuck in the inline and lateral projections. As the number of confirmed patients increased, I was told to refrain from riding in-line, so I went up to the end with my arms and feet, cleaned the top of the door frame, and practiced turning sideways. At first, I fell a few times, then naturally, then I gradually extended my legs. (I'm very nervous about movement) I played limbo with my sister and cleaned the veranda on a rainy day. That wasn't what I wanted...  

I'll barely endure that laughter and I'll finally endure it for 5 weeks. Finally, I exploded yesterday. "It's good to play, but shouldn't you just do it?, If you don't want to do that, don't go to school!" After saying a few words, I calmed my anger for a while and came in. For some reason, my son had done my homework. Do it a little earlier.  

"You did a good job. I just need to do it today."  

If you put down your expectations, it doesn't mean that you can't do anything. I just want to teach you that I am not good at studying, but I just need to do what I have to do... Ah~ Which line is the middle?  

Anyway, what is clear is that it is not being forced to do so.  

School closed in the 5th week. And at the time when it may be the sixth week, the mother's determination is broken day by day and her worries are increasing day by day.  
