---
title : Daily life, thoughts, corona
subtitle : Story#202009221755
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - thoughts
 - corona
date : 2020-09-22T17:55:15+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1565278768202-41d71a98bfc8?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
My daily life collapsed.  

The changes brought about by the Corona 19 virus (or the fears that resulted from it) have destroyed everyday life and crushed the rhythm of life. When your daily life collapses, you lose control, you feel depressed easily, and the energy of life hits the bottom. How to do it?  

It is heard that the school day from kindergarten to high school is delayed by one week. What comes to mind right now is the appearance of double-income parents struggling to solve this problem. Although the government says it will expand care support, everyone knows that there is a sense of distance to reach with the benefits I enjoy. If there is a guarantee that it will be solved next week if we suffer only this week, we will find a solution in some way, but the feelings of helplessness in life come to us with things that have no promise. What should I do?  

When you go outside, there are no people on the street, so it is even quiet. Some people say that they will go anywhere even if the car is not blocked. There are countless unemployed people who fall in succession as people lose their feet and consumption decreases. It may be the hope of our or the government that we hope that people who earn a month and live for a month will endure months without pay. Some are experiencing hell, and some are becoming demons who use it to make money. There were cases where a piece of tissue was put in place of the mask.  

I have a question of what to do, but I can't think of anything similar to the answer. Let's get over it by doing this, I want to talk, but I can't. So what should I do? When I'm overwhelmed by the unavoidable and enormous power of the environment, I always feel helpless to put it all down. Nevertheless, I try to keep my daily life. I try to recover my daily life while blocking this and that. I try to force myself to smile and give people a bright greeting. Still, if you think I'm worth living now, I suppose it's a little bit of my bright energy to people with heavy hearts. They hug each other, cry together, and laugh together. I try to make up my mind that I must do that.  

There is the word that comes out. 'Wow, Kuwoque Transibit! (This will also pass!)'. Obviously, over time, it is clear that this will also pass. However, it is important to remember that this is a scratch that scratches as it passes. Let's support each other. If the wound heals, apply medicine. The wounds that you have taken care of quickly and correctly will not leave any scars... so I pray for another day. I hope everyone is healthy!