---
title : Story, everyday, brunch
subtitle : Story#202009221543
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Story
 - everyday
 - brunch
date : 2020-09-22T15:43:56+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1527156793828-70e553ee0025?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I was thinking for a moment while looking at Chunfka's article, especially the title, recommended by Brunch this morning. When I tried hard to read, write, and refine, but the writing task wasn't going well, sharing my daily writing got a big response. And that story was about my own failure.  

Do people really like my failure stories?  

Maybe the people in the organization are also interested in how I fail and how to get through it. In fact, I am a head-on, not a rotating style. One, the weight of the seat and the individual's judgment that I have not yet equipped the capacity to fit the seat makes me hesitate.  

It's a story of failure... Would it be nice to start with an anecdote in the 6th grade when my best friend was stolen from a new student? Or would it be nice to tell a story that fell apart from the university where you wanted to risk your life? Neither of that... The story of wandering after coming out after beating your first job well after 5 months? That's not enough (I came out of a regular worker) Would it be good if I could get rid of the feelings of a contract worker who started receiving a salary at the level of an Albanian?  

Maybe I don't know if I had a heart that only wanted to unravel my story that I wanted to show. These are the stories up to that point that I think, ‘It seems like it would be okay for me to open it to this extent.  

Someday, there is a story that I want to share with the world. Until I became the protagonist of all sorts of jealousy and profuse rumors, which was nothing unusual (therefore, it was said that I was promoted, how I did the interview, someone pushed me, etc.). And I would like to tell the story that there is hope for the millennials who say that it is difficult to succeed unless it is a gold spoon, but for those who are still faithfully filling the day (even for women!). It's desperate and ignorant, but consistently, the record of the decades I have held.  

So I was curious. Are people really interested in someone's failure story?