---
title : I Do Artists Contest, Deokjil, Everyday, Culture
subtitle : Story#202009221750
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - I Do Artists Contest
 - Deokjil
 - Everyday
 - Culture
date : 2020-09-22T17:50:14+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1581578731565-fcdb660a4639?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
From December 25, 2019 to April 29, 2020, it is a five-month virtue. It was Yang Joon-il, who looked upside down after seeing the interview with Sohn Seok-hee's invitation to the culture for the first time. Who is that person, who is laughing like that like Terius, who is that person, is his talk like that, who is that person, whose eyes are so clear? When I looked into the whole neighborhood with such a lot of questions, netizens were repatriated and appeared in Sugar Man. Since it has been so long since it has been far from the main TV room, it seems that I have been insane from Christmas Day, when I did not know what Sugar Man was and did not know the name of Yang Jun-il until now. When I open my eyes, I search, and when I open my eyes, I look into it, and when I appear on the show, I take notes on the schedule table and wait and see. Yang Joon-il was substituted for most of all real life.  

It wasn't just looking for broadcasts or articles, but the changes in daily life were also small.  

Because Yang Jun-il advertises a pizza that he doesn't usually eat, he bought two plates and gave gifts to his acquaintances, and the acquaintances who didn't know the fact were astonished. No, who hates instant noodles? Anyone who wants to never give them instant food too? Oh my god, you said you bought two plates too? Since then, the children's parents have released Yang Joon-il's pizza, a couple's KakaoTalk, which they want to buy from their children, saying it is delicious. The link to promote the product was also easy.  

Watching the broadcast is more tearful.  

Since there is no TV at home, it is not annoying to watch it if you broadcast something. I watched on-air with my phone, paid for on-air broadcasting from my laptop for better video, and squat on a small monitor attached to the kitchen sink. It was also common for me to watch broadcasts I had never seen before, whether it was a music program or entertainment. M Broadcasting Music Center and Radio Star were the first programs I saw in my life, and I was actually the first to see Happy Together after Tray Karaoke. They all say longevity programs, but I've never seen them. I knew the name of the program through videos and articles going around in clip-on clips, but I had never seen it before, so I was struggling. Like this, the virtue is that it made me concentrate and immerse myself because I was crazy.  

How about the book. I read Joonil Yang's book (Junil Yang, Mabe-You and Me, Moby Dick Books, 2020) three times. I bought three and gave two gifts. It was also selected as a book for reading groups. Then, as the corona broke out and was pushed into the heat of the room, the reading meeting was not possible with the book, but the assistant referee for the book moved from various angles. But my acquaintances did not accept it as much as I thought. He said he had different tastes, and he was joked to keep his personality, which he usually does not recommend easily.  

Anyway, the time has come. I wanted to record the process of concentrating and immersing in one part. So I started writing in a medium as a regular article. I have been writing like an essay or column with a record of Yang Jun-il's words and activities and comments within me. From the first article I decided to write the thirty side, it has come to the middle. If I had written two full episodes a week, half would have come earlier, but one day of the week, I couldn't write so I starved. Another day, what am I doing to be so virtuous? Should I still be doing this virtuoso There was also a question mark. Thanks to that, my daily life was shaken from one to another, not because of Deok-Jil, but by Deok-Jil's concerns. Nevertheless, I was still in love with Yang Joon-il like that, so I decided to keep what I originally decided to write on the 30th side. What is the justification within me that I should see the promise I made to myself larger than the courtesy of the artist or the media, and what is this sense of duty to keep that?  

I reorganized the articles that I had been packed into a brunch book.  

I would be more grateful if you viewed it as a record of the time I concentrated and immersed in rather than the virtues for the artist. In that record, I think that if there is a look back on our own life that we laugh, weep, and live with, that too will have its own meaning.  

I am grateful to the readers who have sympathized with the writings that were published on Prism Bookio in this brunch magazine. The article I wrote so far is'The Reason of Deokjil, Yang Joonil Part 1'. If you stayed in Yang Joon-il's personal daily life, the second part to rewrite is to talk about the contents connected with it rather than the artist's daily life. I'd like to mention more about the flow of content across cultures, or the many hidden stories behind it. From April 30, Yang Joon-il will be active as a member of'CH DIATV' through a channel called'Rebooting Yang Joon-il'. Do it. It may be the raw of the content or the future of the content, but I will try to act as a cultural platform by drawing and attaching the parts that connect and grafting well. However, rather than the confidence that I will be knowledgeable, I propose that let's play the role of cultural consumers who look in, learn, and enjoy with our readers. I'll keep writing those Janes in this magazine.  
