---
title : Everyday, Teacher's Day, Love
subtitle : Story#202009221603
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Everyday
 - Teacher's Day
 - Love
date : 2020-09-22T16:03:23+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1581578404991-245ebf59c917?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Everyday, Teacher's Day, Love...  

There is someone who comes to mind at this time of year every year.  

He is a homeroom teacher in the first year of middle school.  

I don’t know my contact information  

I happened to see you at a restaurant.  

"Do you remember me, sir. What are you doing here?"  

"Then, I don't know how much it is. I'm a rapport next to me."  

The teacher didn't have a business card, so I only gave my contrast.  

Even after a month, there was no contact.  

'I had to ask for my cell phone number'  

I will explain my knowledge to the school's general affairs department  

I checked the contact information.  

Teachers' day!  

Although I couldn't see you  

Gratitude  

I told you.  

to. Gifted  

Do you remember the teacher.  

Not long after being a freshman in middle school  

The way you push your friends  

The teacher saw it.  

“People be the first,” he beaten.  

Looking at my iridescent ass, my great-grandfather  

You came to school. The face of the teacher who was very embarrassed at that time still comes to mind.  

Teach me folk songs after work,  

He said there are more important things than studying.  

I met many people in my life.  

There was a lot of learning.  

Health, humility, practice, caring, courage, challenge, faith, empathy,  

Those who help with the values of life such as understanding, vision, and love  

Met. No one had the appearance of a front-on teacher or a counter-teacher. I knew learning would take a lifetime.  

It wasn't until I was over 40 that I knew it.  

Thank you so much for that hawk.  

The teacher's ties were great love.  

The teacher planted a'love flower seed' in my heart.  

Even though I'm blooming late, the love my teacher gave me  

I will live while preaching.  

Teacher! Thank you.  

And I respect you.  

Thank you so much for being my teacher.  

Like a dandelion sprout, the teacher's love is sown.  

Confidence disappears and the scepter blooms somewhere.  

I called in the morning.  

"Teacher, how are you"  

"What happened! Ah, it's a Teacher's Day"  

“I’m sorry to call you only on Teacher’s Day. Now  

Where do you work. I'm teaching right now, so I'll get in touch and see you next week."  

"I have time, so come anytime"  

I hung up the phone and my heart was crushed.  

It must have been a few years when you first looked at the situation of your disciples.