---
title : Danang, Travel, Everyday
subtitle : Story#202009221732
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Danang
 - Travel
 - Everyday
date : 2020-09-22T17:32:32+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1582473788468-d25f5f398cce?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
A friend who first met at the age of 20 and had known about 10 years took the first step with her husband this year. There were many things we had together as well as the time we were together. We also listened to classes and left together. The Istanbul trip (click!) in the previous article was also with this friend. I have spent the last few years with others, so I decided to go on a trip alone in 2019, but when I heard the news of a friend's marriage, I changed my mind.  

'If you two go on a trip, this year might be the last one?'  

As soon as I thought about it, I asked my friend about their vacation plans. Fortunately, I have no plans yet, so I preempted my friend's summer vacation. Because of my work schedule, I left after mid-September, but their summer vacation (?) was planned that way. The reason why our travel destination was chosen as Danang is because it fit the conditions we were looking for. My friend, who was getting married every weekend, wanted to go on a recreation-themed trip. I wanted to select a destination that neither of us had been to. Da Nang was the place that was chosen with conditions.  

It is like this to express our trip to Danang in one picture. Sit down while looking at the unsplendid scenery, sipping cool coffee that makes your head feel battered, spending time when nothing happens, and talking about nothing. It is how difficult it is to get a daily life that seems to be nothing more than you think.  

Until then, there was also a reason that the work was busy. From morning to night, I was holding a messenger all the way to work out. I saw the schedule a few months ago and set it in advance, but the schedule continued to erode, like almost every company day, and I had been doing excessive work until the day before my vacation. And in everyday life, there is housework. Whether I came home at 9 o'clock or 10 o'clock at night, the laundry was piled up and the dust grew. After getting some sleep on the weekend, I had to do housework that lasted a week, from laundry to cleaning. It was half a day at best to be able to lie in such a clean house. Every step I walked around, I got dirty again.  

However, there are people who do housekeeping every day on a trip. Even if I did anything, I grabbed each blanket and arranged it. The room was kept to a certain level of cleanliness. It's nice to be able to enjoy the luxury of eating food that someone has to offer. The trip in Da Nang did not spare money and enjoyed such luxury.  

I didn't like to travel on vacation. However, the daily life of those days was too hectic, so I enjoyed the pleasure of recreation. When a friend saw him, he said he was like a foal wanting to play without rest, but from my point of view, he was enjoying enough rest.  

First of all, I think that the reason for drinking alcohol is not negative and depressing is an expression of unparalleled happiness. Originally, I liked beer, but at that time I was drinking beer to forget about my work. There was too much work to be done, and each time there was work left. Then, even if I didn't eat, my stomach was full, and when I drank a sip of beer with inertia, I felt that my worries went down. Drinking beer like that served as a digestive agent rather than a good mood.  

When I came to Da Nang, I drank beer because I wanted to drink according to the atmosphere. Before the night came, I could afford to find a suitable store and choose a beer very slowly. It would not be just the beer that the face appeared to be extremely happy. A happy face would have been drawn because he was enjoying the daily life to enjoy, not the daily life to digest.  

All of my friends said yes because they were in front of beer.  

Second, I thought I enjoyed the luxury by spending time not having to do something. Rather than doing something, it was a travel destination with many pictures taken while still still. A picture taken while spending a couple of hours in a beer shop, a picture taken while playing in the water for an hour, a picture looking up at the sky in a tube, and a picture taken while walking.  

It was different from the time when I was wandering around and taking pictures to leave one more. If it is the legacy of the fierce shooting of the photos at that time, these photos were pictures with plenty of space. It seemed to contain the daily life enjoyed at that time.  

Said a friend.  

"Do you know what you're saying the most when you come here? You don't have to do anything! Why am I so sad about that?"  

This is a fact that I didn't even know. I only thought I had lived hard, but I think I lived under the weight of that daily life. I usually couldn't bear to do anything, but at that time I was tired enough to like it. So I felt a little bored, but I felt like I had enjoyed the rest.  

Obviously, I eat well and rest well, and I was satisfied, but strangely, my eyes opened at the time that I was up in Korea. At that time, it was 5 o'clock in the morning. There was a day when I was waiting for a friend to wake up while talking on a cell phone. Then, one day, I realized what courage it took, and I decided to go to the sea off the dorm, so I left a message to my friend and went to the lobby. I didn't know it was raining because of the sun, but it was raining quite a bit. When I went to get an umbrella, it seemed that my friend who was asleep would get up again. When asked if he could borrow an umbrella from the staff in the lobby, he took out a raincoat from a jar. I put on a raincoat that looked like a hoodie and went outside.  

Obviously, I eat well and rest well, and I was satisfied, but strangely, my eyes opened at the time that I was up in Korea. At that time, it was 5 o'clock in the morning. There was a day when I was waiting for a friend to wake up while talking on a cell phone. Then, one day, I realized what courage it took, and I decided to go to the sea off the dorm, so I left a message to my friend and went to the lobby. I didn't know it was raining because of the sun, but it was raining quite a bit. When I went to get an umbrella, it seemed that my friend who was asleep would get up again. When asked if he could borrow an umbrella from the staff in the lobby, he took out a raincoat from a jar. I put on a raincoat that looked like a hoodie and went outside....  

Then there was time left. Because of me, I always felt sorry for my friends who woke up during rush hours. After entering the room, I decided to shake off my obesity and listen to morning yoga at the hotel. I felt that if I had enough time, my friends would be able to relax. I challenged my friend who was awakened to do yoga and went down to the place where the yoga class was held.  

The flying tools are hanging, so it seems like you are a terrifying yoga expert, but this is the first time I heard yoga. And I entered a class with bare hands. A few more Koreans came and the class seemed to be conducted in Indian, but I noticed breathing and exercising. I realized that the balance of my body wasn't right like this, and the instructor seemed to be surprised by my physical condition in many ways. I was amazed at the body that didn't work my way, but how was the instructor?  

The flying tools are hanging, so it seems like you are a terrifying yoga expert, but this is the first time I heard yoga. And I entered a class with bare hands. A few more Koreans came and the class seemed to be conducted in Indian, but I noticed breathing and exercising. I realized that the balance of my body wasn't right like this, and the instructor seemed to be surprised by my physical condition in many ways. I was amazed at the body that didn't work my way, but how was the instructor?...  

Nevertheless, my friend said that I was too energetic.  

The last day was a trip with lots of elements. I tend to avoid recreational trips, so it could be my last resort trip. I tried to go together next time, but I don't know how things will change with my friend who has made a new family, so leaving alone may be the last trip. I hope it will be the last time to feel how precious everyday is. Because I hate living losing my daily life. I hope that's the last, please.  

Da Nang is famous for recreation, but it is also a famous tourist destination in the suburbs.  

To me, Danang is a city that taught me the importance of doing nothing and rest.