---
title : Daily life, book, writer
subtitle : Story#202009221742
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - book
 - writer
date : 2020-09-22T17:42:15+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1561532411-169a2d6267f5?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I always think that using language is using the mind.  

Wouldn't it be important to think about whether you would be happy or sad to hear what the contents are?  

### Everyday accent  

It’s not that easy to read more than 30 minutes in a row  

It wasn't until I was married with children that I truly knew. I miss the 24 hours of being single or married without children, which I thought was'ordinary'. It was not easy to properly focus the mind and body on something that was'relaxation' or'continuous' in the time of giving birth, raising, and growing up twins, and we are still living in that extension.  

But that's what has changed. If there is something you want to protect, do it with all your might...  

For example, it is a matter of taking a note of the writing that comes to mind and then transferring it to text whenever there is time. Whether it's 5 minutes, 10 minutes, 30 minutes, or more than 1 hour in luck. When I had a chance to read, I tried to read it, and some strategies came up. I often read books that can be read relatively thin and lightly in short gaps, and books that need to be studied with concentration when there is a long margin. Whatever it is, the time to be comforted through the'time to read, write, and think', come up with ideas, or sharpen one's own weapons... Sometimes, I started reading lightly, but from that light choice, books that make me feel quite sincere thanks and deep thoughts. Meet with Like'everyday accent'  

Everyday Accent, Matsuura Yataro, Flow Publishing, 2020.02.20.  

I like to present a book or letter to someone.  

On the one hand, the'receiving position' of them wasn't very much. On the contrary, as I practiced the words of the old wise men who told me to give first if I wanted to receive something, I met this book while trying to become a giver. I was soaked with the feeling. I wondered how straightforward the artist's daily life would be, conveying the precious reflections of everyday life in such plain and neat sentences, and at the same time, I was able to look back on my daily life to become a glimpse of someone's daily life.  

I always think. Let's take a closer look at anything. To look closely is to look. To look in is to discover the hidden good. Whether it's people or things, what you see isn't everything. When you look inside of me with the eyes of a generous mind, you can see the cool parts that were not exposed, the appearance to be proud of, and the various aspects hidden. They are all invisible at first glance.  

Editor-in-chief of magazines, owners of bookstores  

When I hold the pen, sometimes put my hand on the keyboard and write the first word, I think of this. The reason I write a letter is to make the other person happy and happy. So, to make me feel that I have to write a reply, do not use my head sincerely and kindly, but with plenty of heart.  

When I hold the pen, sometimes put my hand on the keyboard and write the first word, I think of this. The reason I write a letter is to make the other person happy and happy. So, to make me feel that I have to write a reply, do not use my head sincerely and kindly, but with plenty of heart....  

When I hold the pen, sometimes put my hand on the keyboard and write the first word, I think of this. The reason I write a letter is to make the other person happy and happy. So, to make me feel that I have to write a reply, do not use my head sincerely and kindly, but with plenty of heart.......  

How much the best regards, who think of the other person and express their heart like that, make the person listening to them feel good. That's why I deliberately took a book that could have been read in the living room, avoiding the gaps for children to play, and kept the door closed for a while, hiding in a microfiber blanket, and reading with my whole heart for about 30 minutes. Because he made me to awaken calm courage and a certain confidence to rekindle my daily life, engulfed in a pale melancholy... The children approached me and had to cover the book again, but I wanted to remember this paragraph as long as possible.  

If you have courage to jump out of your current safety zone, and even if you are lonely at first, when a new relationship arises, not only how to think, but also how to use time and spend money, you can feel a more refined self.  

Now I want to start pressing the reset button again  

The reason why I am so grateful for the'everyday accent' is probably because of this'I'. I will only be grateful for this starting point of trying to create an'accent' that can sound an alarm of growth in it while keeping my own daily life well in the gap of this time that constantly flows.  
