---
title : Daily life, story, winter
subtitle : Story#202009290101
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - story
 - winter
date : 2020-09-29T01:01:26+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : 
---
Reorganized the article written on January 21, 2014.  

Ha... It took about a hundred meters and took more than 20 minutes.  

The road to the house was so smooth and slippery.  

I had a laptop and hard disk on my back and a pretty big 27 inch monitor in one hand.  

Here's all the sources we'll be working on today.  

If you fall wrong, the equipment will fly away to data.  

I was almost step by step with the feeling of learning to walk.  

Even after a long time, I had a hard deadlift at the gym.  

The lack of strength in the back and legs was a big problem.  

In this situation, a sibling of elementary school students in taekwondo uniforms scrambled across the street  

Fly away from the ice with shoes. It was like seeing the light crafts of the Makyoites in the Martial Arts.  

I was scared in case I would bump into it, so I stuck next to it like a cicada and waited for it to pass.  

The children pass by and start walking again  

Something difficult to describe, such as a kkyakkak, is heard from behind.  

Looking back, one of the sisters fell. Whether it's sick or embarrassed, it's not happening right away.  

I was more nervous, so I grabbed the wall with the left hand and walked.  

I haven't been able to see them in recent weeks because of the extreme concentration. foot. One. foot. Coming  

A couple walked across the wall holding the wall in the same direction as me.  

But I was alone and there were two, so I thought I would never avoid it.  

In this situation, if that brother pretends to be strong for no reason, I get very tired.  

I've already burned a lot of calories in every step, so I'm very tired.  

Almost crawled to the side of the railing.  

But the sister’s words passing by  

"If you fall, you have to fall together!"  

Don't you usually tell me to hold it if you feel like you'll fall?  

I was distracted for a while while thinking mishaps, and then stumbled once.  

I came after a little rest because my leg was relaxed.  

The way home is sometimes too long...