---
title : Vietnam, Corona, Everyday
subtitle : Story#202009290109
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Vietnam
 - Corona
 - Everyday
date : 2020-09-29T01:09:02+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : 
---
Finally, self-isolation has been lifted. The morning of the quarantine release, waiting for the 14-day quarantine period every day. However, I had to cancel the two promises that I had to quarantine for another day after filling 15 days, and I had to ask for a runaway child. I should have looked at the documents earlier, but I couldn't even think that the quarantine period was 15 days.  

The morning of the real quarantine. I went down to the reception on the first floor of the apartment and signed the quarantine release confirmation. Lastly, I thought I would get a medical examination or a fever check, but the quarantine was lifted by signing the documents presented by the security staff. “I am glad that I am healthy. I've had a lot of trouble during that time. Did you ever want to hear the words "You are free now"?  

When I took the elevator with a formal quarantine sign that no one cares about, the access card was suspended. Then it is. It looks like my access card was suspended during the quarantine period. It wasn't until I went back to the reception and unwrapped the card stop that I got full freedom. There's a lot to say about systems that don't get things done at once, but I won't complain today. In any case, I admit that quarantine was a necessary procedure for the Vietnamese government.  

During the quarantine period, as I step into the outside landscape that felt very strange, I quickly return to my familiar routine, as if when it was. It is only one month. Korea, which is going to go after a year, is not unfamiliar, but it would be even more strange if Ho Chi Minh, who faces Ho Chi Minh in a month, is unfamiliar. Still, I stood there for a few minutes and watched the people pass by. The importance of the mediocrity and stability that everyday life gives. I was also pleased with the hot weather in Ho Chi Minh.  

As soon as the morning online class ended, the child wrapped around a backpack and went to a friend's house to play. Seeing the desire for real freedom in the excitement mode all day long, I feel happy and salty. Unlike him, it wasn't as new and exciting as I thought. I just had an appointment, went to Starbucks, and drank coffee.  

Oh, as I ordered coffee and asked for a mug as usual, the staff was embarrassed. I didn't think I was using only disposable cups because of the coronavirus. The two-week gap is felt in these small gaps.  

When returning home, I called a motorcycle taxi using the shared vehicle app Grap in Vietnam. I wonder if I wanted to feel the speed after a long time. Of course, the speed is not at all fast. Not. Still, the motorcycle was a symbol of freedom, so it was a perfect item for the day of quarantine.  

Just end quarantine!! I will eat everything delicious!! However, the punishment was no different from the time of self-isolation. Bread in the morning, curry for lunch, and rice cake dumplings for dinner. It seems like this is how you get used to getting wet. Everyone in my family didn't even think I had to eat out. Instead, tomorrow, a couple of friends will hold a quarantine party.  

"Whatever the menu is, it's okay if it's not our house. Now, just looking at our table is jingle."  

If the situation of Corona 19 in Korea has changed rapidly to the number 31, there are 17 cases in Vietnam. The daughter of a conglomerate who runs a steel company in England and Vietnam attended a fashion show in Milan, Italy, and then entered Hanoi through London. Is becoming. In the aftermath, it is said that Halong Bay, Vietnam's representative tourist destination, was also closed. The woman who attended the 17th confirmed party in London did not receive any treatment for corona symptoms, so it was surprising to see the news that she came to Ho Chi Minh by private charter from London.  

Ho Chi Minh City has extended the school closing decree for all elementary, middle and high schools to April 5. It's probably because blocking as much as possible is the best we can do in this country. The news of the extended school closing is no longer embarrassing. If you listen to the stories of Vietnamese friends, there is news that schools will be closed until May, so you need to eat hard and endure. Oh, will your mind change when you receive the tuition notice for next semester? In this case, I envy free education in Korea.  

I really have to walk the park tomorrow. The sun is hot during the day, so you should take a walk in the night air. Then you will realize this freedom more.