---
title : Daily life, apartment
subtitle : Story#202009290048
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - apartment
date : 2020-09-29T00:48:01+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1494780189968-0aa9fda591f3?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

On May 10, Choi, an apartment security guard in Ui-dong, Gangbuk-gu, Seoul, made an extreme choice. The reason was that he was assaulted by an apartment resident for pushing his double-parked car, causing his nose to be broken and his foot to crack. The violence and violence that had been consistently ended, but Choi is no longer here.  

An incense burner was built in Choi's guard room, and a walk was followed to commemorate the unfortunate death of a helpless worker. On the afternoon of the day of the dead, I went to the security room of the apartment where Choi worked. When I got there, the temporary incense burner and the paper on which the mourning was written were all removed. I wondered if I had visited another security room, and I wandered around and asked the residents several times and confirmed that it was correct.  

When I opened the door to the guard room, the smell of incense was still there. And a new security guard was sitting and eating lunch. I was given permission to take pictures inside and outside the security room. The interior was large enough for only one person to sit, and there was a toilet right behind the chair. The bathroom was very small, with a coffee pot, rice cooker, working clothes and other clothes hanging in it. The guard room seemed calm, as if it was a daily life when nothing had happened.  

Our society desperately wants the Corona 19 to end quickly and return to daily life. However, there are also routines that you should not go back to.  

Hong Yun-ki, starting with the popular uprising in 2015, is recording small and large social issues such as the impeachment government and Hong Kong protests. I believe that a single picture can change the world.  
