---
title : Corona, House Soon, Everyday
subtitle : Story#202009290042
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - House Soon
 - Everyday
date : 2020-09-29T00:42:03+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1597587023121-deef694a80c1?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
1:00 am. My daughter, who was studying in the room, complains of feeling cramped. Restless. Suddenly, my daughter is feeling very stuffy. It is worth it. School opening was delayed for three weeks because of Corona 19. I, who is a family member, feels frustrated to stay at home, but the children who are actively active will be ugly. However, her daughter's boredom is an early panic symptom that she developed while in high school. You've been well for a while, but the situation seems to be uneasy these days.  

“Shall I go round with my mom?”  

“No, it’s okay.”  

The daughter says it's okay to be too late or too early to bother her mother. Asked again.  

“Shall I take away my mother's trash and come around?”  

She gave me a reason to go out, so her face brightens and smiles when she bash.  

“Is that so?”  

After 1 am, I left the house with my daughter wearing long padded pants and a garbage bag. As soon as she leaves the common front door, her daughter takes a deep breath.  

“Ah~~ It’s cool. It seems to be breathing.”  

Last year I walked a lot with my daughter at night. This is what my daughter said every time. It seems to be breathing.  

I dumped the trash and went down the road in the apartment to the front door. Thanks to the apartments on the top of the mountain, we always go out, but we lose a place to go. If you want to go down this road and then come back up...  

“Would you like something cool? Should I go to a convenience store?”  

“Is that so?”  

The daughter says with the nuance that she's okay, but she goes for her. My cute kitten.  

As you go around the narrow apartment complex and come down to the apartment entrance, there is a barrier at the entrance to the parking lot and a courier truck with the Coupang mark on it.  

Rumble, rattle.  

I can't see anyone, but I can hear the sound of pulling the truck. Perhaps because of the part-time job at the Coupang Distribution Center, where my son sometimes works on vacation, seeing the courier delivery truck bearing the Coupang mark makes me feel like it. Certainly, people seem to understand their feelings only when it is their job. If my daughter hadn't suffered from panic disorder, they wouldn't be able to understand the people with panic disorder in their heart. But I think my daughter was the same.  

“At this time, Coupang sees a delivery. it should be hard."  

It wasn't until 1:00 in the morning that cars occasionally ran on the roadway, and people weren't visible, but it wasn't dark due to the lights of the convenience store next to the quiet road and the lights of the store signs that were occasionally lit. Moderate darkness and moderate noise. A leisurely night street with cool night air. I liked the quietness of the night at the end of the day than the quietness of dawn that always begins. I wish it was always this level of relaxation and this level of darkness.  

There are no marts around the house, but it is very convenient that there are three convenience stores. We headed for a small convenience store in an alley instead of a big convenience store with a discount card that had to cross the street.  

I didn't have the blue aid that my daughter always ate, so I bought Calamansi aid. I don't use convenience stores well, but even if I go to a convenience store, I choose 1 1 or 2 1 rather than what I want to eat. It's really bad. But today, thanks to my daughter, I bought a 1,200 won Kalamansi Ade that I was always curious about. And during the 2 1 event, my daughter's favorite Haiju was visible and picked it up.  

“This is a small conviction.”  

The daughter smiled as if satisfied, holding a calamansi aid in one hand and three high-juices in one hand.  

The daughter said in the alley slowly returning home.  

“I just like this alley with this atmosphere right now. I like this in this neighborhood. A little rustic?”  

Yes, our neighborhood was the most foggy in Seoul. Is it a change of thought to think of it so nicely? A daughter who always shows off her strange charms. It would be nice if it was a little rounder...  

As I entered the entrance of the apartment, I saw a Coupang delivery vehicle exiting the apartment and climbing the hill. Maybe our apartment has finished delivery. The daughter said, looking behind the vanishing courier car.  

“Now, will you go around other alleys and start delivery again? poor. Others finish their day and sleep, but they are starting to have a hard day.”  

When Aladdin's same-day delivery, Coupang's rocket delivery, and Market Curly's morning star delivery were first introduced, I was impressed with the convenience. From a consumer standpoint, the courier system that you can order today and receive today is very convenient and good. In South Korea, where people shout fast and eat beans roasted in lightning, even those who don't need to be in a hurry will always live quickly in a sense of insecurity that somehow falls behind if they don't run fast. However, from a certain moment, it was uncomfortable to think that there was some sacrifice behind the speed and convenience. For the convenience of receiving the item I ordered at night the next morning, the coupang man should give up sleep and work. Would it be okay to think,'because this is also a job'?  

Suddenly, somewhere in the middle of the pilgrimage route in Santiago, I remembered the village of Albergue in a boarding house in Spain. The peace and relaxation that flowed throughout the village. I thought that the relaxation may be a form of people living like people. The idea of wanting to live in a place where you can live without crying out quickly, where there is a sense of relaxation in your life, where everyone lives like a person, disappeared with the back view of the world's fastest rocket delivery car.