---
title : Daily life, Corona, School
subtitle : Story#202009211735
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - Corona
 - School
date : 2020-09-21T17:35:33+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : 
---
“I miss my school”  

My son's sudden tears made me cry. Words spoken while crying suddenly during a preschool service on Sunday morning. Saying that I miss school.  

For children, school is not a space for acquiring knowledge, but rather a space for play, a space for relationships, and a space for a sense of stability. Children's language does not contain all of them to fully convey their emotions. So Ian's tears felt more weight.  

Since I'm locked up only at home these days, I feel sorry for having to stick to my body when I'm playing, screaming in a good mood and running around, often chasing me to keep quiet. Perhaps Ian wanted to relieve the stress that was accumulated in her. When adults are stressed, they appear in unexpected ways, but I think that's why Ian was also more energetic.  

A month since Corona captured our lives. If the first 1-2 weeks were the focus of work to develop a message related to corona and to convey precautions to youth. In the third week, all the messages have changed to those dealing with the mental health of children and adolescents.  

A month since Corona captured our lives. If the first 1-2 weeks were the focus of work to develop a message related to corona and to convey precautions to youth. In the third week, all the messages have changed to those dealing with the mental health of children and adolescents.  

Is this all right? A narrow house that doesn't appear in the investigation, but I don't want to be there somewhere. Numerous children who are exposed to the violence of their parents and have nowhere to run away are weighing more than Corona in the violence and poverty here and there.  

You will be holding on with your body.  

Ian expressed his longing for school while crying, but in fact we all miss our daily lives. Adults just don't cry. I saw my tears in Ian's tears. I miss you too, Ian. Our daily life. To get back to that routine, we have to spend today so well. Although Corona may have taken away our daily lives, we can't take our peace of mind. Be better than ever, laugh, and encourage.