---
title : Pain, everyday, corona
subtitle : Story#202009211756
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Pain
 - everyday
 - corona
date : 2020-09-21T17:56:58+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1526696180823-c7fba20a69cd?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
People lost their lives on the road to spring.  

The flowers that should bloom in full bloom have forgotten the blooming season. Each individual's daily life is turning into an extraordinary one, and in the name of "social distancing," they are moving away from each other. This is the change in our daily life caused by the coronavirus. This change has some positive things that you won't be able to laugh at. As the family spends more time together, the time to eat and talk together has increased. On the other hand, the suppression of daily life reduces the individual's space and causes new conflicts. This is the conflict between family members that comes from the unavoidable feelings of being unavoidable.  

We all face the unprecedented pain of an unpredictable and unstable situation. Hazards to life and body are also a problem, and the increase in social anxiety caused by the expression of social and political dissatisfaction is also a big problem. Representatively, the problem of "Mask Disruption" raises questions about the government's ability to cope with crisis, the production and supply capacity of the private sector, and the capacity of the people to accommodate. In addition to this, the press, which produces only the prejudice and suspicion that fuels this kind of situation... The skepticism of all these abilities heralds another crisis for us.  

The more material the world becomes, the more suffering it causes. This is an inevitable dilemma. I knew that if the problem of eating and living was solved, many problems and worries in the world would disappear.... It didn't take long to realize that it was a huge illusion. Disasters due to global warming, various damages due to environmental pollution, and attacks from new viruses are giving new homework on the conditions of human survival.  

The wealth of a society is manifested by the abundance of food and enjoyment of its members. However, the external growth and wealth that appear in the sunny area inevitably leaves behind a “someone” collectively referred to as the abbreviation in the dark and cold shade. These quantums exist in one dimension divided into two worlds. Between them, the rivers of desire and prejudice endlessly flow in the same direction. This is our reality and our daily life.  

Desirable everyday utopia is created from the balance of growth and distribution. When the balance gives meaningful benefits to members in the name of policy in real politics, the daily life of an individual lives a little. However, when such concerns remain only on a philosophical or political agenda, the poor and minorities around us are bound to wander in the dark. The walls between ideal and reality are always high, and the world of vested interests is protected in Cheol Ongseong. Those who have nothing or lack thereof are replaced by lack of ability or effort. We have learned that way, and we are seeing that reality now, and we can live the world from that perspective in the future. This is the situation in the society in which we live.  

Desirable everyday utopia is created from the balance of growth and distribution. When the balance gives meaningful benefits to members in the name of policy in real politics, the daily life of an individual lives a little. However, when such concerns remain only on a philosophical or political agenda, the poor and minorities around us are bound to wander in the dark. The walls between ideal and reality are always high, and the world of vested interests is protected in Cheol Ongseong. Those who have nothing or lack thereof are replaced by lack of ability or effort. We have learned that way, and we are seeing that reality now, and we can live the world from that perspective in the future. This is the situation in the society in which we live....  

Natural disasters and unpredictable accidents are unknowingly threatening us. As a result, the daily life of ordinary people can be transformed into a realm of pain overnight. In addition, even in a dangerous society with advanced science and technology, a crisis situation that we have not experienced may become an unexpected routine. Like the current corona crisis...  

Most social suffering takes the form of structural contradictions or personal problems. When suffering is personalized without finding a social solution, the misfortune may not end with the problem of special people. Nevertheless, under the consciousness of being “extraordinary,” we always regard misfortunes everywhere as incidents that occur only to others. Even though our misfortune may begin at that point.  

In our society, there are gazes that look at the pain of others with a caring glance and a warm heart, but there are many who make it the object of mockery and teasing. Like those who ate chicken and pizza in front of parents fasting after losing their children.... Between the gaze and gaze, someone's daily life or life becomes miserable or alienated.  

Do we know about the real and concrete grief of others? Or are you looking at the situation with interest? Wouldn't it be possible to consume daily life by lightly throwing out suspicion or ridicule without knowing about the section of reality that the pain shows?  

Some suffering demands a more human path from us and hopes to be warm and considerate to each other. The key to wisely overcoming the current crisis will be here. This is why we must lead the current crisis situation to a desirable opportunity for social development.  

If the present pain gives us a new path... If it can lead to a more mature society or individual growth... We become mature as much as we hurt.  

What we really need now is...  

Bringing life to our concern for the suffering of others.  

Empathizing the other's sadness into us at an appropriate level.  

Recognizing personal problems as our problems by replacing individual suffering with a public point of view.  

From these, the correct gaze on the suffering of others will begin. As a result, spring will come again and our daily lives will blossom.