---
title : Mom, everyday, empathy essay
subtitle : Story#202009211741
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Mom
 - everyday
 - empathy essay
date : 2020-09-21T17:41:32+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1585144374720-64d181405b1c?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
“There is a place near the town where you can hike. If you don’t go anywhere today, would you like to go to the mountain with your mom?”  

A long-awaited Sunday resting at home. Mom spoke. I was willing to climb the mountain when I was told that there were places in the neighborhood where I could see the scenery. There are mountains hiding in the city center. I was thrilled that I had discovered a new secret place.  

The wind was warm, and the sky was all blue, as if forgotten the last cold. Small fruits fell among the long towering trees. Between the tree and the tree, various kinds of birds vomited various crying. I walked and walked along the gentle mountain path under the mountain in early summer, talking with my mother. I walk slowly and if it's a little hard, I sit on a bench and rest. Becoming another us who are looking for happiness. My mother and I decided to make a small mountain in the city a secret place. When we are tired of our daily lives, let's make it a place where we can sometimes look back on our body and mind. I realized that happiness comes from such small things.  

Some time ago, I broke up with my boyfriend. We met every day and walked every day. I walked along the alley in the neighborhood as a walking course. I like walking the street at night while holding his warm hand, and I told him to walk first even on the night when I was tired of work. The night roads I walked alone without anyone. Many nights where I walked and walked with the moon as my friend. The feeling of being with someone by my side was absolutely good. Because they walked together while looking at me, who was no longer pretty or beautiful. Having someone who recognizes me was the same happiness as having the whole world.  

My mom and I went down the mountain without getting to the top. As I got out of the mountain, I immediately saw my boyfriend's house. There is a mountain so close. Before we broke up, it would have been nice if we had walked together at least once. Wanted Can I be given a chance to meet again even now? Then I think I'll tell you the story of going up the mountain together first.  

I walked ahead and thought about it and then looked back at my mother. My mother was wiping the sweat on her face with her hand with a little tired expression. When my eyes met, my mom smiled brightly.  

Someone passed like last season. Someone... The four seasons have come to stay with me. I am alone again and return to my daily life... I am looking for happiness in my daily life. My daily life always stays by my side like the four seasons without any guidelines. Another truth is that it has come back to everyday life. Everything.