---
title : Corona, Daily, Photo Essay
subtitle : Story#202009211521
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - Daily
 - Photo Essay
date : 2020-09-21T15:21:36+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1585904529540-db52ff70f4c6?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
A lot has happened in the last month or two. This is because 'Corona 19' has subtly changed the whole life due to a highly contagious disease. After all, the biggest change was that masks became everyday. It was a mask that I barely carried when I went out even when it was fine dust, but now my cheeks are so bitter. In my life, I didn't know that the day would come when I would stand in line for masks, not for restaurants. Where is that all? He is living a sensitive life even to the cough of others who have never looked back. The attitude of being careful with each other is no longer fuss, but consideration. Right now, even if I was alone, I refrained from meeting with other people and began to live an anti-compulsory “house doll”. Originally, as a person who likes home, there is no great discomfort, but when I open them one by one, they often encounter a different lifestyle.  

It has already been seven or eight years since I lived alone. After getting used to this life, it's mostly a similar routine. As a self-made coffee enthusiast, the start of the day begins with the coffee you drink at home. On weekdays, it is hard to go to work, so I am busy heading to the company, but if I have time or on weekends, I always grind the beans first. Rub your sleepy eyes with the scent of coffee that fills up. When you open your eyes while drinking coffee with music on, you decide what to improvise. I find a cafe or restaurant I wanted to go to, and sometimes I meet my friends. Sometimes I take care of the backlog. Or, enjoy a late weekend evening with movies, dramas, books and alcohol. Even as a delivery order, buy your favorite food in your arms. What is the world if you play your favorite entertainment in a comfortable position and then sip a drink with a bite at night? This is happiness.  

Even after Corona became a social problem, the above pattern itself has not changed. I still enjoy drinking coffee and seeing something. However, he refrained from ordering restaurants or delivery, and increased the frequency of eating consciously. I'm proud of my own pasta and steak, so I often ate it in the early half of my “half-forced housekeeper life”. But it's also a day or two, and even though my taste buds like what I felt, after several weeks of eating it all day and night, I became desperate for Korean food. In the end, I am trying to try Korean food, which I usually didn't touch. Korean food has a relatively large amount of necessary ingredients and is difficult to preserve the taste. As a result, the only weapon to be used in Korean food was braised ribs, but now the miso stew has become quite reasonable. I used to like cooking, so I wonder if I could become a Korean food master.  

In fact, the one that suffers the most in everyday life is the exercise. After work, I exercised briefly and boldly to take care of my health. I'm a little sorry for the gym, but I decided to take a break for the time being. In fact, there are areas where I am worried that I will transfer this to others. I sweat a lot, so I usually run out of it, but if I get sick, I wonder if it will affect the gym a lot during the incubation period. Instead, because I was only at home, I got sick of it, so I started climbing this weekend. I thought I wouldn't have to go hiking on my own in my life, but after I tried it, I thought I would get a little close because I want to be refreshed and exercise. It's not bad to get some fresh air in your nostrils. By this week, Cheonggyesan is looking for the next goal, hoping to take a look.  

There is also a point that has become more difficult because of the corona. I live with a filial piety that I have never had in my life. To be precise, he is barely pretending to be a filial piety. He wasn't usually a fleshly child, and he didn't like talking on the phone, so he said hello to his parents. Still, isn't it possible to live by doing what you want to do until it's like these days? If possible, I'm calling you every day, even for a minute. Did you get the mask, did you wait in line for a long time, did you feel good? Ask what concerns you and check each other's voices. I was the type that was too comfortable to be alone and had too many things to do, so I have never felt lonely living alone. Still, living a little closer to my family like now is not bad. I realize that I have a family who cares about me. Yeah. Not just alone. He nodded as he felt the warmth of his family over the phone.  

A lot of things have changed in the next few months. Can not help it. However, it is also adapting to that trend and adapting itself. Finding things you can do on your own, discovering values you haven't met before. I open my eyes to newness. A couple of months later, I'll have to cancel my flight tickets and full-day vacations I bought for the Golden Week, but I'll find something else. Because of the corona, you can't just stand still. Act a little differently from usual and look at others. We are all going through difficult times, thinking that it can't be helped even if I offer my convenience a little. There are many people who carry more pain, but that's not a job. After having a little more trouble with each other, you will be able to go outside the house while enjoying a refreshing breath as if when it happened. I do not intend to waste any concessions.