---
title : Goal, Q1, Daily
subtitle : Story#202009211545
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Goal
 - Q1
 - Daily
date : 2020-09-21T15:45:38+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1581920127736-419187179db4?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Happy New Year  

The morning of the New Year when I cried out is like yesterday. When I wake up, the beginning of the second quarter and it's already been 5 days, and this year, I had 10 habits and 10 goals. I wanted to spend the first quarter to achieve it.  

My keywords for the first quarter of 2020 were:  

Focus on family travel body making  

#family trip  

At the end of January, when we started our family trip, the issue of ‘corona’ was spreading in China, starting with China.  

At the end of January, when we started our family trip, the issue of ‘corona’ was spreading in China, starting with China....  

It was the first family trip with 8 people, even small family members.  

I took two shots of my father, little dad, and two brothers, two shots of my mother, little mother, and two daughters-in-law, a group photo of eight people, and I talked a lot with my younger siblings.  

Personally, I think that this trip has created an atmosphere that allows us to treat each other more fragilely.  

#Make up  

It started like this. Immediately after going on a family trip  

Stop drinking, build your body, adjust your diet, build your body, build your body, go Bali and learn to surf.  

As of February 1, I started quitting and registered boxing to increase my workout. I ordered a large amount of chicken breast to manage my diet. It wasn't just chicken breasts. I didn't forget about onions to cleanse the blood.  

Yes. It seemed like this life would be very easy, until a guy named Corona infiltrated our lives in earnest.  

The company's gym was closed until the end of the coronavirus, and the boxing room could not go every day due to the start of working from home three times a week. Working from home began in earnest, and there was no choice but to adjust the rhythm of life.  

I changed my day from morning run, lunch, or boxing in the evening to start training in the morning, basketball at lunch, and running in the evening. I am maintaining life.  

The changes over the past 60 days are roughly  

The changes over the past 60 days are roughly  

There was a change. My body building is in progress, and I plan to continue to do it after the planned date is over. At least I don't think I can drink alcohol as often as before.  

#Work concentration  

Abstaining from drinking alcohol and living a regular life naturally increased my concentration on what I was doing. This year is a year when I feel there is so much to do.  

Information and trends related to digital advertising platforms are steadily acquiring information and preparing for change, both domestically and internationally. , It seems to be insufficient.  

Above all, it is fundamental to commit myself to work more seriously and to become a person who presents better work efficiency and direction.  

It should not be forgotten that the more years in this field accumulate, the more we must strive to improve, rather than stay there.  

One of the reasons is the repeating of'I am still lacking a lot' and'I have to study all the time' every morning.  

April 2020,  

We live in an era where uncertainty is rampant. I pledged not to forget that when this uncertainty is cleared up is an opportunity, you should always be ready.  

And, let's not forget the lessons of life that the past year gave me, and live in humility in 2020, as it will be a good nourishment for spending the day given to me without regret.  

Fighting in the second quarter too!