---
title : Daily life, yoga, exercise
subtitle : Story#202009211729
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - yoga
 - exercise
date : 2020-09-21T17:29:55+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : 
---
I quit my job in October of last year and took a break. Uninvited visitors who came with a break are in vain. I was facing bullying, and at the age of bullying, I vaguely thought there would be a place waiting for me to welcome me. Thanks to the fiercely spent time in my 30s, I expected my 40s to become a flower in full bloom. Contrary to those expectations, the reality was a barren desert.  

I couldn't hear the answer as to what to do and how to start over. I decided to take a long break as an excuse to find the answer. By reading books and increasing the time spent with children. They named it their own break, but in reality, they were unemployed.  

You can't hide the anxiety in your mind. That anxiety starts to overwhelm me. The unconscious of not wanting to see reality has changed the pattern of life lazy. I woke up late after having no income until late. Thanks to Corona 19, I had a lot of time with my children, so I chatted with them, went to bed late, and got up late with the children. At first, I felt a sense of ecstasy at ease because I didn't have the time to spend Eo Young Booyoung. But soon I thought it could change everything. The center of it all was'thinking'. Positive thoughts gradually turned into negative thoughts. The anxiety that I might not be able to get up after letting go of my hand was pushed further.  

I resumed what I had been doing in my daily life. I woke up at a fixed time and settled down to sleep at a fixed time. No one sees it, but I made a promise again. Woke up at the appointed time and reset the day's routine. First, the early morning movement was revived.  

The swimming pool where I enjoyed exercising at dawn and the yoga center were all closed. There's no way to start yoga on YouTube. I enjoyed watching a channel called'Yoga Boy', but I do yoga at the same time all over the world through live streaming at 6-7 am. About 400 to 500 people are together. Although it is an individual space, there is the joy of being together in an invisible place. Because of that pleasure, I wake up early in the morning without knowing, say hello in comments, drink coffee, and wait for the yoga teacher.  

As soon as yoga is over, go outside to walk for an hour a day. Olympic Park is in front of you, so it's a great way to enjoy the season. I tried to do yoga, which I didn't do, and walked consecutively, so I got tired and fell asleep again after yoga. After repeating it several times, I realize that I have to come right out without thinking. When practicing yoga, think about walking exercises and dress up. When yoga is over, wear only your outerwear and strap on your sneakers to reduce failure. One day I realized that I was repeating walking like that.  

This means that the moving force is the force that protects the daily life.  

Adults lose up to 13 percent of their reward system's dopamine receptors every 10 years, which makes everyday enjoyment more and more withered.  

Under the name of rest while taking a break from work, it clearly tells the case of side effects through rest of the body with the mind. As the body did not move, the joy of daily life withered and the witheredness led to boredom. When I realized this, looking back at the past, I moved so diligently. There was a time when I woke up at dawn, did a swimming exercise at dawn, went to work, and climbed in the evening with an overflow of energy.  

Scientists have identified several DNA chains in multiple genes that are linked to the antidepressant and anxiety-reducing effects of exercise. People with these genetic variations seem to be more sensitive to the psychological benefits of regular exercise. Exercising for more than 20 minutes each day can significantly reduce your risk of depression and suicidal thoughts.  

With less movement, the symptom that naturally follows was depression. Smalsmal depression tried to come to me without my awareness. Intuitively, I felt that I shouldn't do this, so I was able to choose the movement again, which gave me a deep sense of relief.  

After drinking tea, smoke the aroma before doing yoga. It creates a situation where the body and mind can be organized. Inhale deeply and find a deep breath. Induces deep hidden meditation naturally. I am grateful for having a relaxing morning, I am grateful that I can move my body according to my will, and I feel grateful that I have made me appreciate the time now.  

It is music that cannot be left out while leading to walking. On days when I lose my Bluetooth earphones, my exercise is not good. When I was exercising enough to go back and bring my earphones, I felt the importance of music.  

In 2007, the American Running Association banned individuals from using music players in official races. Although the association said it was for safety reasons, people assumed it was trying to avoid unfairly improving performance by using appropriate songs.  

It's surprising that music has a profound effect on athletes as well as regular light workouts. Is it not enough to prohibit the use of it because he recognized the effect?  

Now I am writing this article at Olympic Park. As the midday sun sets, it is about to meet the sunset. A cool breeze blows behind your back. Dogs walking by greet each other and pass by. Pigeons and magpies sing beside me. Above all, what can be compared to air that cannot be bought and drinkable even with money!  

When I got a complicated thought in my head, the ways I chose to walk with a hat tightly saved me. It was raising very little. It's time to get up little by little and go run. By training more by walking, muscles in the body and mind were built up, leaving only work to run forward and forward.