---
title : Corona, everyday, past
subtitle : Story#202009211748
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - everyday
 - past
date : 2020-09-21T17:48:24+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1589177085030-4db5dded1874?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I stayed at home all day yesterday and went out wearing a mask because it didn't work. The weather was too sunny, and there seemed to be many or no people. When I got home, the Yonhap News breaking news rang. It was said that outdoor activities are safe if you keep a distance of 2m. I am tired of the Yonhap News breaking news so much these days.  

The CrossFit box I went to said it was closed until the first week of April. Intensive'social distancing' has begun. So, can we find our daily routine little by little after the first week of April?  

While wandering in search of the Corona 19 news with an anxious mind, I read an article by Lee Wang-jun, chairman of the Myongji Medical Foundation and the Incheon Sarang Medical Foundation. Unfortunately, we may have to face a completely different daily life. It's a long article, but I hope you read it.  

Now I can't go back to my daily routine. We need to prepare the'new normal' of the era of infectious diseases. The pandemic of Corona 19 can be said to be a civilizational epidemic that returned 100 years after the Spanish flu in 1918-19.  

I loved walking. On days when I couldn't exercise, I had to come to see the night view from the Han River to feel cool. On weekends without appointments, I went to Haneul Park, and when I was really free, I went up to Namsan Mountain.  

I went for a walk today, but I tried to avoid bumping into people while wearing a mask, and I was eating gimbap.  

Your daily life is breaking down like this. And you may not be able to go back. China, the origin of the disease, is ridiculous, and Xi Jinping walks around and thinks that it may be necessary to bow his head and apologize, but I also wonder what the use is.  

Of course, after working from home for about a month, I found some good things.  

I found out that home is very efficient due to the nature of my work with too many phone calls. I was more efficient and less stressed.  

And I ate a lot of home rice. I like to cook, so I have more joyful moments. It was almost the first time I had to spend morning, day and evening in my space. My space during the day was both unfamiliar and comfortable.  

But, is my mom and dad's health okay? Is my younger brother okay? Is my grandmother living right? I became worried. I promised,'If someone gets Corona 19, I should be a person who can support me', and when I went to the company, I thought that I was betrayed by my nerves when someone coughs.  

Like in the old days, I want to play in an oden bar. I want to go back to the CrossFit box and verify my body. I want to take off my mask and go around the Han River. When a reporter sitting next to me in the press room calls out loud, I want to hear everything while swearing in my heart. A department store on the way to the press room. I want to go back to the time when I looked at the main store's Chanel, Miu Miu, twinkling eyes every time the show window was changed. Will the time of getting caught among the Chinese people come again while driving around the duty-free shop at the top of the department store? I haven't been able to travel abroad for a while, but I thought I could go if I liked it. Would it be okay to do it?