---
title : Husband, everyday, germany
subtitle : Story#202009211516
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Husband
 - everyday
 - germany
date : 2020-09-21T15:16:25+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1564156280315-1d42b4651629?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
On such a nice day.  

The wind is still cold, but the weather is full of sunlight. The words that the weather is really good today comes out of my mouth.  

In Germany, where sunlight is precious, it is not common to encounter sunny weekend weather from this early morning.  

I already sat in front of the front door asking for a walk in my house.  

The global village is not in an uproar because of an infectious disease called Coronavirus... The sunlight and blue sky spreading transparently as if breaking are just clear and blue as if you don't know anything.  

Originally, in Germany, all shops are closed on Sundays, so there are not many people on the street and it is quiet.  

By the way, on a nice weekend like today, people who came out for jogging, families with children came to the playground, people who sat in cafes and went out to get the sun while drinking coffee, people who went for a walk with dogs... there are bikers. The streets are lively.  

So, in today's weather, the streets are unfamiliar.  

Take a walk in the changed mood  

On weekends and on a sunny day like this... There are many people waiting at the tram or bus stop...  

It is empty, as in the case of a public transport strike.  

There are certainly fewer cars on the road... and I can only see people going around on a bicycle sometimes.  

Is it because people are selfish animals, or whether I am selfish, or even when they are saddened by a landscape that is not so secluded, so it is a relief that we can walk safely.  

The flowers in bloom and the birds that scramble through the trees without rest are calling for spring, but the heart of the person surprised by the corona still seems to be standing in the middle of winter.  

While taking Nari for a walk in the neighborhood, I feel a different atmosphere.  

Now, as it was not a while ago, the fact that people who don't know are with dogs are not in a situation where they can talk face to face with each other, so they are carefully separated from each other.  

As people maintain social distancing, it is natural that even dogs cannot hang out.  

Nari, who is still like a baby, doesn't know what to do because it's nice to see another puppy from a distance.  

Even if the weather was so sunny, my mind was going to get heavy throughout the walk, and my mind was complicated with this and that thought.....  

My husband's invention that he put in front of me saying that he made something out of sparkling ideas at home? This made me explode.  

Husband's Handmade Protective Mask  

Yesterday, one of the employees of Volkswagen, an automobile company in a city called Bau Natal, right near our hospital, showed a confirmed corona 19.  

The company has more than 10,000 employees, and many of our hospital patients go there.  

However, Germany did not shut down the entire company, but only closed the department and turned only the employees of the department to work from home.  

The epidemiological investigation and Naval, the epidemiological investigation of how the confirmed person traveled the day before and how many people he had contacted.  

Isn't it really anxious? That is why there is an increasing sense of anxiety that a patient with suspected corona infection may come to our hospital at any time.  

My mother-in-law, who says she can't sleep well because of our worries, tells her to close the hospital door on the phone... Recently, many hospitals are closing in a row, so an official letter was delivered from the Medical Service. In the future, due to the coronavirus outbreak, hospitals at home cannot close their doors at will without reporting and submitting separate reasons...  

He would be like that if everyone shuts the hospital door, who will the patients be treated...  

Nevertheless, in this uneasy period, the reality is that most of the medical staff of private hospitals in homes without protective clothing or protective masks are exposed to danger every day.  

So he said that he looked at information on the Internet and saw that someone made it himself in Korea, and he got a hint and tried to make himself similar...  

The protective mask of my husband, which was put on a coater with office vinyl on paper like a crown that would be used at a children's birthday party, looked quite plausible to prevent splash infection.  

However, I laughed for a long time because my husband and daughter Naemi were wearing them side by side because I was reminded of the local women who went to shop for herbs in spring.  

I am not sure if I will work tomorrow wearing a protective mask or a cap hat that my husband is excited about, "Aren’t you completely quirky?" there was.