---
title : Australia, Corona, Everyday
subtitle : Story#202009211843
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Australia
 - Corona
 - Everyday
date : 2020-09-21T18:43:22+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1532478480764-12fb7a19f8f4?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
He has renewed his largest weight ever. Phew...  

I stopped by a nearby shop in the afternoon a while ago. When I saw myself rummaging around, my wife suddenly  

“Now I can see the boat is out”  

Threw the word. I thought it was sincere, so I asked again and again, but the answer did not change.  

After finishing the urgent work, I went to the local park for a while to exercise.  

I was running to the point where I was running out of breath, but the wife who followed me once again  

“It’s clearly noticeable that the size has grown”  

I was so nervous about the words I spit out, and after washing it, I climbed the scale after a long time, and an unbelievable number appeared to me. It was the moment when I confirmed that I had become the heaviest body I have ever lived with an objectified number.  

lethargy.  

With the spread of COVID-19, the Australian government has placed an ultra-heavy storm called Lock down to limit people's movement to a minimum. The restaurant where I was working had no choice but to close, and it had already been more than a month since I was forced to take a break from home after being treated for indefinite unpaid leave without prior notice.  

Even in the early stages of being unable to work, the blockade was not as severe as it is now, so I was careful not to fall into negative emotions while going fishing for Lululala. However, as the situation became more serious, the current Lockdown Stage 3 was announced, and they could not escape the community they live in, and outings began to be limited to a minimum. Relatively, the amount of time I stayed at home increased, and although I was not a prisoner, my feelings began to intensify in my frustrated mind. In this situation, I used to find myself in deep helplessness at some point in the thought that there was nothing I could do, but I didn't even think about changing it.  

Then, decisively, the family member who was living together couldn't bear any more, so he said that he had bought a ticket to Korea. I was a friend who came to my house on a working holiday visa from the beginning and lived with me for 7 months, but when I made a big decision, I could not get a new job after canceling at the expense of some damage when the notice that the school I registered with will be replaced by on-line classes. It was a decision I made when it became. “Let’s stay together and hold on to it!” It was a situation where we couldn’t take responsibility for anything, so we only expressed our regret and couldn't hold onto it any more. I've been leaving many sharemates so far, but I'm still unfamiliar with breaking up, and as they overlapped with the social situation, I was filled with negative thoughts that nothing was going to happen.  

I spent the day lying on the sofa and in bed while rummaging through social media with the pretext of finding new news all day, or looking only at YOUTUBE, which I recently started to encounter. These are the foods I bought for stocking up, and I spent the day lazily while eating very well in order to consume the enormous ingredients that I brought with me during the last kitchen arrangement at the restaurant where I worked.  

I was extremely wary of spending time in the original body, but the feeling of helplessness that was soaked in without knowing I was not motivated to do anything. I just cling to the things I could spend my time without thinking, perhaps because of my desire to pass this time quickly. In the meantime, I was given infinite space to carry out various life tasks that I had put off to do, but I was not motivated. It seems that I was shaken countless times as I felt my emotions rise and fall several times a day.  

So little by little time passed, and as a result, I could feel my body grow. After a long time after making a big decision, I climbed the scale, and even though I was determined to be firm, I was excited to see the shocking numbers. Until now, the time spent in the house with helplessness and minimal movement became extremely numerical, and I started to think that change was necessary. I can't be so weak forever...  

intermittent fasting.  

Thanks to various government regulations, the gymnasium I attended had to be closed, so it has been a long time since my daily routine of stopping by at least a couple of times a week for a while and exercising enough to get soaked in sweat. Of course, I was worried that there was no exercise equipment in my house, so I decided to start with “intermittent fasting,” which I had known about. There are several methods of fasting, such as 16:8, 5:2, and so on. Rather than starting from the beginning, I started by fasting for 14 hours and eating for 10 hours so that the body can gradually adapt.  

Thanks to various government regulations, the gymnasium I attended had to be closed, so it has been a long time since my daily routine of stopping by at least a couple of times a week for a while and exercising enough to get soaked in sweat. Of course, I was worried that there was no exercise equipment in my house, so I decided to start with “intermittent fasting,” which I had known about. There are several methods of fasting, such as 16:8, 5:2, and so on. Rather than starting from the beginning, I started by fasting for 14 hours and eating for 10 hours so that the body can gradually adapt....  

Originally, on the day I was working, I had a habit of eating breakfast roughly and staying without meals for about 12 to 3 hours until I got out of work, so I felt that it wasn't that difficult. So, gradually increasing the time and starting from the 2nd week to 16:8 as a basis and trying to wake up in the morning to do fasting exercises, the fasting time is longer than expected, and now I fast for about 18-20 hours, and at other times I eat food. I'm taking it.  

As I started intermittent fasting and exercised as an auxiliary means, I went out of the house almost every day to start looking around, and I was able to free myself from the helplessness that had been weighing me down. Still, feelings go up and down, and sometimes I get lost in emotions at the news of my acquaintances, but I feel better if I change my clothes and run around town on such a day.  

Visits and help from nearby acquaintances.  

It is true that many families are struggling with this work, and the situation at our home, where we cannot work right away, is also bad. I've been holding back week by week with the money I've collected like badly, but there are some good acquaintances who come to me from time to time when I'm tired of the slack control, which makes me feel that my immigration life in Australia is not a wasteful time.  

The church where my wife attends directly provided financial help, and it was an opportunity to hear good news from motives from the same school, and to give and receive help from one another to stimulate the sensibility of being dulled by enduring the fierce Australian immigration society. It is also true that despite the feelings of self-confidence that have been struggling for a while, it has become a big stepping stone to get out of negative thoughts by confirming the fact that our couple did not turn their backs on their warmth of giving a helping hand.  

In Korea, they maintained a wide range of interpersonal relations, but here in Australia, their interpersonal relations have shrunk to tens of parts, just like a tight immigration life. It seemed to be done. In the life of an immigrant who is bound to be so lonely, looking back at my increasingly narrower vision and selfishly changing self, I realized that I, too, are a social orientation that needs people.  

In the meantime, autumn in Australia is deepening.  

While a small day was repeated without major changes, a notification popped up saying that the photo uploaded a year ago on Facebook was an anniversary. When I checked it, it was the last video that my younger brother, who was living with at that time, suddenly returned home on that day, so I went fishing together for the last time. Even that day, the blue sky was boasting the autumn of this place, and 20 years have passed since I fell into the autumn skies during physical education class during my middle school days on the train that looked at the dazzling sky and looked at the sky all the time. I remember talking about reminiscing on the other side of this planet.  

The seasons changed sincerely, and a year passed and the blue sky of that day came back, but the life under the sky has changed so much.  

Over the weekend, there was an announcement from the government that it would release regulations in three stages. The number of confirmed cases has been reduced to a single digit, and as a result of effective disease control, everyone is voicing for deregulation, which is good news. Is still going to take quite a long time.  

There seems to be no other thing I can do in the meantime except to enjoy this deepening autumn, so tomorrow I am going to revisit a place with memories a year ago. This is because some restrictions have been relaxed and restrictions on external activities have been released.  

Most of the modifiers used to express autumn are words such as ‘poongyo’ and ‘poongseong’, but this fall is regrettable. As well as the current situation, many agricultural products have been damaged in the aftermath of Australia's wildfires and drought, which continued for a long time that surprised the world earlier this year.  

When I was a middle school student who knew nothing, I hope that the happiness of those days when it was good to just lie down looking at the sky will come again. The sky is very similar to that of the day, and I who accept it are so different.