---
title : Walk, everyday, empathy essay
subtitle : Story#202009211502
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Walk
 - everyday
 - empathy essay
date : 2020-09-21T15:02:26+0900
toc : false
images : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1528072418361-06c8a41310d7?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1528072418361-06c8a41310d7?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Bored. There are many things to do, but I can't get it. The outside world wondered, and after a few days, I went for a walk into the forest. Days with nothing to do in particular continue and times of doing nothing come and go. We've been walking around the nearby neighborhood for a few days, and all the forests we found after a long time are occupied by us. Trees, squirrels, and birds are all my friends. Nobody wants to take mine. I don't covet anything of them either. They just hold their place and do their job and I go my way. A large tree fell and covered the snow with a blanket. It has been a tree that has lived for several years or has been fallen for a long time, becoming a playground for squirrels, and they constantly rise and fall. It's early in the morning, so no one is walking. The air in the forest is pure and fresh. The weather was cold and snow came and the valley froze again. The footprints of brave people walking on the ice are clear. Even in April, the forest is still in the winter. It will take another month for all that snow to melt, but today it is windy. Nature is very talkative because we don't know. Even if the wind blows and shakes a tree once, the forest will make a roaring sound with tens of thousands of shakes. Even though each tree shakes little by little, the whole forest is really noisy. The sound of waves in the night sea and the sound of bumping trees in the forest resemble each other. At the beginning of the promenade near the road, the sound of car traffic is loud, but once you enter the forest, you cannot hear the car at all due to the chatter in the forest. Tree debris and dry leaves fell on the promenade due to the bumping of the trees. I didn't know where these things came from, but the wind blew and fell on the ground of Ussusu. I walked for a long time, but there are so many trees, and it is a social distancing created by nature, not artificial. Maybe I can't believe it's so orderly. Because of social distancing, the trees are all strong and healthy. It extends straight up toward the sky, but it is thick and tall. All of them are similar in thickness and neither bent nor twisted. There are no sick trees and no fallen trees. There are no trees standing against the tree next to them, no dead trees or sick trees. The way they stand looking at each other is really cool. It is as warm as the glances of loving couples looking at each other. They are standing by sharing with each other receiving the sun from the sky. The color of the tree is beautiful, as the roots extending into the ground share nutrients with each other. I want to resemble the trees that exchange and live with each other without anything to be taken away. They are obedient to the cycle of the seasons and live according to the seasons. No tree rebels against nature or is stubborn and greedy. I do my job by dancing in the rain and blowing in the snow and blowing in the wind. It keeps its place by showing its best appearance to many people who visit the forest there. As I cross the bridge, the sound of the wind shakes the forest. It is a severe wind that seems to dry up the snow in the piled forest, but it does not interfere with walking on the promenade. Rather, the promenade is warm. The trees that can be seen in the distance are standing brightly and growing leaves in spring. When many of those trees are overgrown with leaves, the forest will grow thicker and meet us in a different form. It seems like a forest that does nothing, but it shows a different image every time it comes. There are many trees standing on the path. Among them, many trees stand dead. Even though the center is split straight, the waist does not bend and it is still standing dignified toward the sky, so it does not seem dead. Looking up, it was a dead tree, but the posture was not disturbed at all to see if the roots were not finished. If even the roots are decayed one day, then even if they fall, now they stand with a living tree to protect the forest. Maybe our lives will remain in the corner of their hearts, praying for the well-being of loved ones like that dead tree. Good days will be beautiful memories, and sad days will remain memories of regret and forgiveness.  

If you climb a steep road along the white sheep tree forest, there is a small chair at the top where you can see the cliff. The front is open and you can see the forest spreading down. The water flows, the forest grows, and you can see the trails where animals walk. Someone writes their names for their deceased parents and sits down on a chair with the names of their descendants written along with the words "Please rest and enjoy." I remember their lives, read their stories, pray for people to rest, pray for peace, and think about the day I leave. I think there will be a day when the seasons have come as a cycle. If you think about the time from birth to death, it is a very short time. The past years have passed in the blink of an eye, and so will the time to come. All you have to do is live happily and healthy day by day, you don't need to be greedy and worry about it. I can't take anything and nothing goes my way. As the years go by, what I wanted or didn't want, the result is my side. I feel at ease when I think that I should embrace it, whether I hate it or like it. What I have now, what I don't have, will leave me someday. There is no need to be anxious and live in a bar. When winter passes, spring comes, and that spring will wither, and winter will come again. Even if you say you don't like it, the things that will come come and the things you don't want to leave when you go. When I think of the days I have lived walking on the forest path, I am happier with me than the past or the unknown future. What money or position would need for my age. Isn't that happy if you just live the rest of your life healthy day by day? No one can live my life for me, so I live with care. The way up is exciting and busy, but the way down is cozy and comfortable. It would be the same in terms of distance, but the body and mind are full of joy. When I go home after school, I remember being excited. When the school bell rings, it reminds me of putting things in the desk and jumping out of the classroom. Even though I don't have anything to do or meet with friends. When I didn't have a computer or a TV, the way home was always fun even though there was nothing special to do to go home. People start to see one by one. These days, parents who have to spend time with their children at home, and children who are confined only in the house, are bored. The shopping center and playground are all closed, so take a walk in the woods. They give food to squirrels passing by and learn about nature by playing with birds. I hope this will be a good experience for children who have closed school due to an epidemic. It is a daily routine of finding things to do in difficult times and knowing to overcome them.  

I miss the cute grandchildren I haven't seen in more than a month. You can see the lovely faces, but for the time being, you have no choice but to soothe your longing with videos. It's a time when my daily life is shrinking and something has been stolen, but I am comforted by thinking about what I have gained. Now is the time to get out of the forest of fantasy as the loud noises of cars driving on the road get closer. I may miss those days when I was busy living busy and not having time, but the daily life that we were robbed may have been such a leisurely and simple life. Finding a precious life and feeling happiness in it is not the real life we wanted. Looking for things to do in a life with nothing to do, he gets tamed into a life that seems a little boring and a little bored.