---
title : Corona, everyday, longing
subtitle : Story#202009211716
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - everyday
 - longing
date : 2020-09-21T17:16:35+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1591646192662-3341fdaf6548?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
The expectation that it would end next week leads to that it will end next month, and now I just want the situation to end within this year. I hate this virus, which is terribly taking someone's daily life and someone's livelihood, as the name Corona 19 feels too short and simple compared to its impact. Is it correct to say that I am sick of it?  

In fact, I also initially believed that if there was no'infection' with this virus, there would be no big problems for everyone. We only saw the pathological section of the virus. It's a droplet infection, so you can reduce the amount of conversation you have to face to face. Even though they don't, they are Koreans who wear masks well, so I thought there was nothing particularly scary if I was careful.  

However, it was not only the bodies of the confirmed patients that the Corona 19 virus infected. They'infected' the trust between people with fear and doubt, and'infected' our normal timetable lightly. The clocks and rules of the week, which seemed to never be broken, such as commuting to work, attending and going to school, and Friday, were also'infected' too easily.  

What has infected all of us so much?  

Through this incident, I talked with many people about Corona. What things are stolen, what are scary, and what are you miss? Then I realized. The real fear that Corona 19 presented to us was far from'I became a confirmed case'. Rather, it was close to'me who can become a confirmed case and become a virus carrier to others'.  

Every morning, in various chat rooms and bulletin boards, the number of confirmed patients increases compared to the previous day. As the number of infected people, the number of deaths, and the number of confirmed cases in each country is increasing every day, of course, anxiety increases. For disaster texts that come in more and more frequently, it is easy to turn off or ignore the alarm. Initially, confirmed cases that were numbered only in units of national districts are now assigned a unique number within the district.  

There is no routine with numbers and numbers. There is no life. 'Humanity' is not given to confirmed patients whose movement lines of the past days were revealed with numbers attached to them. Of course, it's a natural step and it's a natural treatment, but at least I'm the 10000th patient in Korea and the 100th patient in City A, and I don't want to get a stinging glance from someone, nor do I want to feel sorry for those who accidentally overlapped with the movement.  

We do not want to become patient 'X' and make patient 'Y', and we are sacrificing a lot in return. While maintaining social distancing, the faces of friends are gradually forgotten, travel plans made a year ago are abandoned (or canceled), and even eating out that should feel good is swallowed up in anxiety.  

I know when it's like this. After all, nothing is natural in the world. Our daily lives have passed, rolled, thrown and preserved on a sheet of paper. Very endangered. It was simply that he had forgotten that sense by the inertia of'natural'.  

Suddenly, as I look at the foundation of everyday life where the pods of this naturalness have been peeled off and cracks have gone, even the everyday life just a few months ago feels unfamiliar. I miss you so hard and I'm afraid of coming back.  

Many people who have reduced their outside life are now spending most of their time online. I do, too, but surprisingly, replays of previous broadcasts taking place outdoors are constantly popping up on YouTube recommendations. After clicking to play without thinking about it, it quickly gets upset in seconds without exception. This is because the appearance of an amusement park that was noisy, a neighborhood playground filled with laughter of children, restaurants full of customers, and downtown streets continue to appear. Daily routines that weren't much.  

If this routine is something that has a human figure, he will hug and kiss him a million times as soon as he returns. I will hold my hand tight so that I can never leave again and say thank you every day and ask for a good job tomorrow. Today, I will ask if there is anything uneasy or uncomfortable, and I will take care of and take care of my daily life so that I can recover quickly even if I was unhappy.  

It certainly looks like he'll come back someday, but I hope he'll come back sooner if he'll come back. To make me miss the scenes of the past, the trip caught in the next month and the me of tomorrow more than me in the past.  

Believe it and do it.