---
title : Daily life, corona, liberation
subtitle : Story#202009211722
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - corona
 - liberation
date : 2020-09-21T17:22:23+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : 
---
I was waiting for the 'Freedom Day' to be liberated from Corona, but it doesn't seem to come easily. Just a few months ago, who would have imagined that I would not be able to meet people and work to do? Physically or socially, it is an atmosphere of keeping a distance and avoiding moving around as much as possible.Thanks to this, the body is relaxed with a short movement, but the mind is hard because it is under intense hard training due to many things to care about.  

These days, no, my chatter is replaced by online chat with friends, and my work is done through email, recording and recording. I move my fingers all day and talk almost alone. Even that, I'm getting used to it, but now I can't tell whether it's fortunate to adapt or sad to adapt.  

When a group is together, the feeling of wanting to be alone and the sense of duty to refrain from meeting and to be alone are clearly different. Autonomous will is the most important thing.  

However, there are things that I think about again because of situations that were just uncomfortable at first. It is the preciousness of everyday life. How precious were the things I thought were really nothing.  

I miss meeting friends who can walk around the streets freely and laugh to reveal my uvula. Meeting, talking, discussing, and deciding must now be resolved without meeting. I even wonder what kind of face the person walking face to face on the road I hadn't seen in detail before was wearing the face behind the mask. Now, when someone who doesn't wear a mask passes by, they get angry saying'in this situation..!', so it's a very much changed routine.  

As the amount of time alone increases, I test my stats. You test yourself to see what you can endure with boredom, and find out what you like and what interests you. I study the language that pushed my busyness as an excuse, listen to music, grow plants in pots, and write articles. Why is it so awkward to write letters because I got used to computer typing...  

Although the reality is that change is being forced, it is time to think about how to control my life in the midst of this change.  
