---
title : Corona, Everyday
subtitle : Story#202009211830
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - Everyday
date : 2020-09-21T18:30:28+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1583947582886-f40ec95dd752?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I think a lot has changed with Corona 19.  

Wake up every morning and walk around town  

I work out in the gym every day at 7pm  

On weekends, I go to cafes, go to exhibitions,  

The daily routine has become a routine  

now  

Sleep another hour,  

After work, I walk to the house, I go up the stairs to the house  

On weekends, I only go out nearby  

If there is something to go far, we are canceling if possible.  

Last week  

I went to the shrine,  

I also went to Gyeyangsan, a mountain behind the town.  

After taking the subway at Sindorim Station on Line 2, seeing many people in one space  

I was dizzy and difficult to breathe.  

Fortunately, the weather was nice on Saturday, so it was nice to walk in Gyeyangsan Mountain.  

As everyday life changes  

The number of rushes and the number of rushes I have decreased.  

When I go to eat  

Ask them to choose quickly  

When I work, I ask you to do this 3 or 4 times  

When we walk together,  

Say how long the back data will be  

I used the word "quickly" less often every time I did something.  

In addition  

In the company  

Have you done all this?  

Have you done all this?...  

How long is the analysis data available?  

Will it be in 30 minutes?  

Let's move on to the next agenda quickly!  

etc  

There was also less urgency.  

The proportion of what I did repeatedly with Corona 19 has decreased,  

As new things to be done come up, time to invest in it and time to think  

The usual things seem to be different.  

I think I can afford a little more  

Something more makes me think of me  

Something more harmonizes with my surroundings  

I also changed.  

today  

How much have you urged people close to you?  

Was that urge really important?  

How about spending a day without rushing?  

I tried high-intensity social distancing  

I would also like to try putting a high-intensity rush distance.   

