---
title : America, Everyday, Corona
subtitle : Story#202009211801
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - America
 - Everyday
 - Corona
date : 2020-09-21T18:01:41+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1592438893191-8b020e410803?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
The shelter in place order has already been in effect in six California regions, including San Francisco, and New York City is likely to draw out a home evacuation order card soon. It is literally an order not to leave the house unless it is special. Korea, which is passing through the peak of the coronavirus curve without such extreme administrative measures, is truly amazing. Like this year, I wonder if'South Korea' has been mentioned a lot in the positive aspect through the US media. At the beginning of the year,'parasites' caught the attention of the US media, but these days, even the national image of the country has improved with an exemplary response to the coronavirus. Just as there is a decisive turning point that changes the flow of a person's life or leads to a new leap forward, if there is such a thing in the image of the country, would this be the turning point of Korea?  

The shelter in place order has already been in effect in six California regions, including San Francisco, and New York City is likely to draw out a home evacuation order card soon. It is literally an order not to leave the house unless it is special. Korea, which is passing through the peak of the coronavirus curve without such extreme administrative measures, is truly amazing. Like this year, I wonder if'South Korea' has been mentioned a lot in the positive aspect through the US media. At the beginning of the year,'parasites' caught the attention of the US media, but these days, even the national image of the country has improved with an exemplary response to the coronavirus. Just as there is a decisive turning point that changes the flow of a person's life or leads to a new leap forward, if there is such a thing in the image of the country, would this be the turning point of Korea?  

There is something new to me when I start a new routine that doesn't go out of the house. The day is very, very, very long. If you don't want to spend the day watching just Netflix, you have to spend your time systematically. First of all, wake up as late as possible in the morning. The son, who is healthy in mind and body, is trying to get up early, so he persuades him to grow up a little longer. Still, my eyes open around 9 o'clock, but my son watches the Disney Channel and I use my mobile phone. If you search for virus-related news, look for Korean articles, and watch YouTube a little, it is 10 o'clock. In fact, you can survive until noon just by looking at YouTube, but since there are sprouts at home, I will do that. Now prepare for a break. If you find and eat all three meals at 3 o'clock, you will quickly become a'Jungjinja', and you will have to go to the mart and eat just two meals a day. Be prepared with a lot of hands. It's gimbap. Since they use the ingredients stocked in the refrigerator, they can't make good food, and just make it a food that takes a lot of time. There is no taste. If you make it too tasty, you will eat a lot, and it will also become'Jungjinja', so deliberately make it tasteless.  

After eating snacks, I go for a walk around 11 o'clock. It was a fortress that I lived in a small town like Lexington and a quiet promenade. They take pictures of flowers and sons while maintaining social distance from people they meet on the promenade.  

When I get home, I read a book. The thick books (Anna Karenina, Cosmos, etc.) that were only scammed and put off in the corners finally came to light. In the afternoon, while playing Lego Star Wars with his son, he plays Yoda and loses successively by his son's absurd board game. Still, it is just a little over 3 o'clock. I can't go to yoga class, so I decide to do yoga at home. Turn on a scented candle and put a vase to create the atmosphere.  

Play some calming music and try things you remember. If I repeat the movements I used to do because I can't remember well and use a lot of baby poses, the most confident movement, it's over 4 o'clock, and from then on, I start preparing for dinner. Normally, I had one meal, so I gave my husband to prepare meals, saying that you should have one, but because the day is long, I will be happy to make it. Like lunch, make food that requires a lot of effort. It's Sujebi. Work on the dough for a long time. Still, it is more delicious than Kimbap. After all, flour is love.  

After eating early dinner, I watch TV. It's annoying for the child to watch too much TV, but he says that he will still study listening and relieve the guilt as a parent. It is finally night. I don't get tired at all because I don't do much all day, but I still go to bed. It's not fun to read a book that doesn't go out seldom. Since the book club has been temporarily suspended, there is no reason to read it even if it is not fun, so after reading a couple of chapters, I put my phone away. When I use my cell phone in the dark, I feel like I am sleepy because my eyes get tired, but I do not miss this time and go to sleep. The end of the long day of Josoon Kang.  

Tomorrow, like my mother did when I was a child, I'll apply a little perilla oil and sprinkle with salt and grill it.