---
title: Ethics, Daily Life, Book Review
subtitle : Story#202009100532
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Ethics
 - Daily Life
 - Book Review
date : 2020-09-09T20:32:16+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1531538512164-e6c51ea63d20?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

There are many ways to decipher life attitudes, but personally, I like to approach them with the distinction between "attemptions" and "ethics." Of course, you won't be able to explain everything with these two criteria. But if life consists of a wish and a frustrated process, the distinction between fascination and ethics is as clear as it is useful to explain it. The wish I say here is not only the wish I am conscious of, but also the wish I am not aware of.  

"Don't want to go home yet" begins with her couple expressing their desire to live in a house like that one day while watching "The House of the Red Roof." The scene in which the couple plays a role in someone mowing the lawn and someone buying beer and meat suggests that the couple lacks something.  

There seems to be no apparent problem between her husband, who works in plastic surgery, and now she has a second child. Having quit the company for childcare costs and perfect care for her children, she doesn't feel what she lacks. Then, an opportunity arises for her to feel her lack. That's when Hannah, a close friend of her college years, returned from Italy and opened a restaurant to meet her junior, who was dancing.  

Hannah's junior, who is already a famous dancer, asks her if she did dance. Even if he did dance, he apologized to her after saying that he had a "really good bone" (page 148). Because she was embarrassed by his question. The reason she was embarrassed was not because she accepted his question as rude, but because of her own story, which she wanted to dance but had to give up halfway. "Hanna was always too much to do, and she was satisfied with the balance they had made (143-144 pages) because it was a comfortable style to decide something within the framework that someone had set her up." As Hanna's relationship with her shows, she never lived a life outside the set framework, and after giving birth to her second child, she is completely buried in child care and care.  

She feels again the fascination and desire she felt when she saw Hanna's junior when she saw the body of a man working on destroying" the Red Roof House." "She basically thought it was a mature attitude to accept the role of life at the stage of life (page 152) rather than agonizing over what she couldn't enjoy now," she realizes that she has been locked up in a prison called the everyday life she has thought she was mature since Hanna's off-limits Restrand Cafém뮐ller. "He must have risked his life to achieve what he desires, right? Suddenly she realized she hadn't beaten anyone up so far. She pretended to be mature early, but her life was just a huge resignation (page 165)."  

She can't go to a performance that Hannah's junior gave her a ticket. This is because my husband had to take care of the children because of a sudden surgery schedule. Such a solid routine of hers is a shackle to her. But the husband doesn't notice the fallacy. "When I said so, the indescribable pain and joy filled her at the same time. At that moment, the angle of their lives was slightly off, but the husband could not notice anything, so he just grabbed the cup that the first child was giving out (page 167).”  

