---
title: France, Paris, Daily Life
subtitle : Story#202009100713
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - France
 - Paris
 - Daily Life
date : 2020-09-09T22:13:32+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1592840835081-4000b73b37d8?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

March 19th, Thursday  

For the first time since October last year, days above 20 degrees Celsius continued, and the sun was bright again on this day.  

Looking around SNS, there were many posts that shared how to spend this time, reading books, home-treating, cooking, and drawing. I also started writing on brunch on that day, and my friend said he started painting watercolors. The neighbors across from my house were still cleaning windows and there were people who had started home-based, but I often felt embarrassed because I kept seeing them from afar.  

Various delivery services were still in operation, and UberEats said it would not accept delivery fees for the month of March. Competitor Deliveroo has lowered its previous delivery fee of 2.50비를 to at least 0.99€ and is sending an e-mail titled #toujourslapouravousriver ("Always there to deliver to you") almost every day pushing for what to order.  

There are often friends who order food, and there is a risk of infection due to possible contact, and I am a little cautious about ordering food because of the urban rumors in Paris. The content is, by the way, that robbers impersonate visiting medical personnel to test the corona.They ask for the door to be opened, saying that it will provide a large or quarantine service.  

At first, when my friend told me to be careful, it seemed like a very obvious urban rumor, but I was appalled by the thought that it would happen to dismiss it as a ghost story. In fact, one of my acquaintances' college classmates was a Chinese-French man who was born and raised in France, and I heard that one day a burglar broke into his house, tied the hands and feet of the whole family, put them on their stomachs, and then robbed the house, so I thought there was nothing wrong with caution.  

From yesterday, at 8 p.m., a campaign was launched to applaud for the medical staff fighting Corona on the front line, and from that day on, local churches and cathedrals also began to participate. When people's applause was over, the church and church bells began to ring at 8:01 a.m. The sound of the bell touched my heart for some reason and I felt a sense of solidarity. (Strategies Worked)  

Today's meal was bread and apple in the morning, and for lunch and dinner, I saved kkokko noodles and fried kimchi.  

Friday, March 20th  

It was the first day since the ban was imposed on the 17th!  

The reason why I decided to go out was because I kept sitting down, so I thought I wanted to walk because my legs were numb. Originally, I usually enjoy running for 7-9 kilometers two to three times a week, but as the situation is in a situation, I prepared to go out for a light walk. In order to get out, you must complete a statement (see article 2 of Attestaion de déplacement dérogatoire) and bring your identification card with you. At first, it was possible to present it with a cell phone, but for some reason, this was banned in a few days, so I had no choice but to write it with my hands.  

Heart beating!  

As soon as I opened the front door of the apartment, I was somehow excited!  

I was very careful about going out, but there were more people out there than I thought, and the neighborhood market was open twice a week, so people were still buying in line! There were no cars on the road, so the cars were running very fast. The interval between buses and subways was similar to usual, but there were only a couple of people on board.  

When I went to the riverside of the river near Pont Mirabeau, many people came out and were running. It is true that French people enjoy jogging very much, but it seemed that there were a lot more people than usual. There were also people who "enjoy" sunbathing sitting still on benches and riversides.  

The principle is that only one person comes out to exercise and take a walk alone, but surprisingly, there are many people who came out in pairs. Still, what was different from before the ban was that many people were wearing masks, and some people were running with masks on. However, there were moments when I frowned because I saw people spitting on the floor or blowing their noses without touching them.  

Mirabodari on this day~I walked lightly on the course of the Statue of Liberty-Pont de Bir-Hakeim, and to my surprise, I encountered three Korean and two Japanese tourists on the Birhakem Bridge. At first, I thought he was shopping at a nearby Korean supermarket, but I thought he might be a tourist because of his actions.  

During their stay at home, flowers began to bloom in Paris and trees began to wear colored clothes. The weather is warm, so I would sit on a bench or a riverbank and sunbathing if I were normal. (When I live in Europe, I feel the importance of sunlight and become a sun hunter. Especially Paris!), sitting at home all the time, the "walking act" became so precious that I just walked blindly. I missed the sound of the outside and the sound of people, so I didn't even wear earphones to keep it in my ears.  

I came out with the intention of walking for only half an hour, but when I came out, I wanted to stay outside and walked for about an hour and a half. During the walk, police were not seen on the street and passed in front of the police station but were not inspected.  

But when I came back from taking a walk, something calmed down and I felt lethargic. I heard that there are still many people out there, but it was bitter to see many people pursuing "individual freedom." Of course, I think some of the people I encountered on this day were coming out after a long time, and some of them came out to buy daily necessities like me.  

However, I think the problem is the attitude of people who go out every day, brag about going out, or treat people who don't go out as sensitive people. Even my friend, who used to eat 20 madeleines every morning at the supermarket, said he was going out to buy "baguette" every day, and one friend once asked me if I was too anxious. People who go out are always...  

I can't stay home all day.  

People need to get some fresh air.  

It's said, but to me, these words seem so strange. Someone can't stay home all day long because they're good at staying home or want it? We are trying to prevent the spread of contact infections on a personal level, but whenever we hear those words, something has gone down.  

Sure enough, there was an article in the evening that said the riverside and the Eiffel Tower would be closed from the weekend. It was a move against the growing number of people coming out and lying on the grass, sunbathing or exercising, ignoring the context of movement restrictions. In Nice, the city is considering curfews at the city level. Upon hearing the news, I was angry at those who played a part in the increasingly tightened sanctions. Sure enough, one of my hot-tempered friends told me on Instagram story, "Please stay home!" BBQ season is coming soon! La saison de BBQ sera vent ôt arrivée !!'  

I told my friend what happened today and said, "To be honest, if I were a medical staff, I would appreciate clapping at 8 p.m. every evening, but I think I would appreciate it more if I just stayed home," and he said he totally agreed. And in that context, he said he saw an article suggesting that the French Medical Association should not restrict movement but ban it at all.  

On this day, I went for a walk and ate chicken breast salad and finished the day feeling gloomy.  

Saturday, March 21st  

As soon as I woke up in the morning, I called my mom and told her how I felt yesterday. And she said,  

People with two eyes are treated strangely when they go to a place where only one eye is gathered.Instead, you can see and predict more than one person because you have two eyes!  

He comforted me with wonderful words!  

Strangely enough, after hearing that, yesterday's uncomfortable feelings disappeared in a moment and I said, 'Yes, there's no harm in being careful.'  

From this day, the Stay Home campaign began on Instagram. Stays Home stickers have been created on Instagram Stories, and stories from follow accounts with those stickers are placed in the first order of Instagram Stories. It appears as "Hip-cocking" on the Korean account and as "Restons Chez Nous" on the French account.  

After seeing this, I was worried about my brother who was working as a pharmacist in England. Britain has also been restricted from moving since the previous day, and her brother said he is suffering from being too busy. My brother's boyfriend is also a doctor, so they are both very busy, and I am working with the mindset that if I get caught, I will get caught." Britain also said that many people travel around despite restrictions on whether the situation is similar to France. Now that the ban has been imposed, there's hope that fewer people will come.  

On this day, I cleaned the window and cleaned it up with the lady in front of me. After cleaning up, I thought I should eat something greasy (?), so I finished my day with seafood kimchi pancake mixed with salad and iced tea.  

Sunday, March 22nd  

It was my friend's birthday.  

My friend came to Paris while studying patisserie in New York, and unfortunately, a week later, he was banned from moving. Fortunately, I got a house, but the problem is now to open a bank account, and now all banks are only helping existing customers without receiving new customers. Even this is said to be having a hard time paying various utility bills because it only operates three hours in the morning and only three employees work. When my friend came to Paris, we were supposed to go eat delicious dessert together, but I was sorry that I could only celebrate my birthday on the phone.  

It was also the day when it was announced that the fine would be tightened.  

A fine of at least 38 euros to up to 135 euros was imposed if the police caught him without a statement or identification card when he went out, but the fine was raised sharply, saying more people did not keep it than expected. (Currently there are approximately 100,000 violators)  

He was sent to prison for six months with a fine of at least 135 euros (the previous maximum amount), 1,500 euros for another two weeks, and 3,750 euros for three violations within 30 days. And all the neighborhood markets were banned and hinted at the possibility of the ban being extended for a few more weeks.  

In addition to not writing statements, another "other" problem that people don't keep was to secretly avoid eye contact. When I went out two days ago, the atmosphere was calmer than I thought, so I thought I wouldn't get caught if people pretended to go to the supermarket and went to my friend's house nearby. I'll do the same for him, too, and all my friends said they've never seen a cop either. It seemed to be concentrated near tourist attractions such as the 1st building and the Eiffel Tower. In fact, my friend said he had visited his friend's house several times and had a meal and played, while another friend said he had seen his neighbors next door inviting people to BBQ parties.  

There seems to be a limit to leaving it to individual efforts and public health awareness because there is no police outside and the atmosphere is the same as before. I think it is also necessary to show that police are actually cracking down on residential areas by distributing them well, not just in the city.  

(Frankly speaking, when my friend told me that "the Norwegian" and "the Swedish" had a meat party every day, I thought they were really Norwegian and Swedish. But it turns out that racial slang is taboo, so French people refer to blacks and Arabs!)  

I ate curry on this day, and I thought I would eat poorly while staying at home, but I found myself eating much better than I thought.  


