---
title: stress, gravity, daily life
subtitle : Story#202009100144
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - stress
 - gravity
 - daily life
date : 2020-09-09T16:44:21+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1514672013381-c6d0df1c8b18?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

These days, the number of people who are stressed out in their daily lives is increasing rapidly. The first is stressed because of the corona virus, and the second is because of the various phenomena that it has caused. children unable to attend school Not only Korea but also the whole world is suffering from unprecedented problems such as the shrinking economy. At times like this, one should stay alert. Because if you get too stressed, you will get diseases that you didn't have.  

Is there a way to get rid of stress efficiently? In this article, I will introduce my own method. I've always been on the road since college. I went to business school, studied engineering, and developed software. And, instead of getting a job like everyone else, I have created a company that is doing well, and I have experienced a few years of collapse. After about 10 years, I was able to enjoy a rich daily life again. I have experienced stress that is often unbearable in all these processes. However, I was able to get rid of stress because I practiced imagining my favorite dream with my eyes closed.  

In other words, I have thought that the present pain is temporary, and that very soon the ideal I dream of comes true. And not vaguely imagines, but simulates in your head how the dream actually comes true through some process. Repeating a very specific imagination every day eliminates the gap in stress. And I believe that dream is a reality, and when I wake up, I am already living my dream life.  

The second way is to imagine the universe. Perhaps even those who are not interested in science are attracted to the stars in the night sky. Whether attracted to a beautiful twinkling star, is there life in it? Can we go to the stars? I would recommend this method if you've ever imagined this and that.  

The above two pictures are pictures of the night sky taken on a trip to Colorado a few years ago. Becoming friends with an American family and continuing friendship for a long time, I sometimes travel to Colorado and live in my friend's house for about 10 days and experience local life. There's something I do every day when I come here. It is to see the night sky when the sun sets. Even if you look at it with your bare eyes, you can still see the pictures of stars as above. If you're lucky, you can see the Milky Way with your naked eyes. As such, there is no artificial light around, the sky is clean, and Colorado itself is in the alpine region, so the sky looks closer and the stars seem to reach it. It's like, in space?  

By the way, when I look at the stars like this, all my worries disappear. We live in a small blue dot near the sun among those countless stars, and it feels very trivial to be worried and worried.  

In Korea, stars are not easy to see, especially in cities. However, if you have a chance, I would recommend you to go outside and look up at the night sky. You will probably experience the illusion of being in space the moment you are immersed in it, and at that moment, your worries and worries disappear as if they were washed away.  

Recently, Korona made me upset again, and there is a book that I started reading. It's called "The Science of Interstellar." It is a word that real astrophysicists wrote about the scientific phenomena in Interstellar movies so that it is easy for the general public to understand.  

For example, "Endurance" is an interplanetary spacecraft that appears in the movie. Is this ship capable of interplanetary travel? From the answer to the answer to the question, to what method is possible, if possible, etc.  

There is also a story about worm holes and gravity. There is also a scene in the Interstellar film that goes back to the past time through wormholes and delivers solutions to her daughter, explaining the scientific facts in this background and how the film applied them.  

This is very interesting, but I found something more interesting. In fact, we thought that gravity was the force of a heavy mass object. For example, because of the gravity of the volume, the Earth does not move away, but goes around the sun. However, gravity is not actually a pulling force. A more accurate understanding slightly twists time and space when the mass is heavy. In other words, if a heavy ball is placed in the center of the trampoline, the space will sink downwards. And when you throw a light ball to the edge, you slowly go to the center in a circle. It seems to be dragged away, but in fact, it would be more appropriate to say that you are falling because of the deep space.  

Because of this, distortion of time and space occurs around a heavy planet, so time itself can flow differently from other spaces. From this point on, it becomes very interesting. Like watching a SF movie.  

After reading this book, I ordered some more books about celestial bodies. While reading the book, I think that the stress I have felt so far was like dust. The more I know about this vast universe, the more I wonder what's going on on this little planet. That's a good sign. Thanks to this, the big and small ideas of the past few days have begun to disappear.  

Back to the point, I would recommend that you try one of the above methods if your daily stresses are high because of recent changes. Especially if you like stars and SF movies, I strongly recommend the science story book hidden in Interstellar. Once you know the mysteries of the universe, which are easily explained at the level of the general public, rather than the theoretical explanations of mathematics and physics, you will suddenly think that the level of daily stress is nothing more than dust. Like someone said. "Don't take it so seriously" is beneficial to mental health!  

