---
title: daily life,corona,sympathy
subtitle : Story#202009100344
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life 
 - corona 
 - sympathy
date : 2020-09-09T18:44:58+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1561011409-19e4b96a3135?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

The world is unstable because of the epidemic, but spring still comes. The spring scene in Korea that I saw on the news is really beautiful. The yellow corvina and willow trees in full bloom along the Han River have changed into light-green bird leaves.  Lotus pink plum blossoms bloom beautifully, and nature does its job. No matter how infectious the epidemic hits the world, it will also pass by with human victories. Every time a cow is lost and the barn is repaired, man develops. Now we're confused and torn, but this time we've learned a lot with Corona 19. We don't know how long it will last, but the human ability to deal with disease is infinite. Researchers will soon make a vaccine for the coronavirus. Until then, you have to endure even if you feel uncomfortable and tired.  

Canada, which had only a few here a week ago, had 600 people infected. A group of more than 50 people can't hold all meetings while recommending refraining from going out to prevent the frightening spread. Small business owners close their doors and cut staff. The world is surprised. France has been banned from going out except for special occasions and is subject to fines for violations. Italy, which has been going downhill day by day, reported 475 deaths in just one day yesterday. Beyond fear, the expression "scary" seems to be correct. It is reassuring to see people wisely cope with this amazing situation for the first time in human history.  

Now people's wishes have been brought together into just one thing. Come on, let's get free from Corona 19 and go back to normal routine. The wedding, which neither can call nor celebrate guests, has been canceled and the funeral of the deceased cannot be held. I miss my normal daily life, which was boring and boring, and I realize that such trivial things make us live.  

