---
title: clothes, play, daily life
subtitle : Story#202009100449
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - clothes
 - play
 - daily life
date : 2020-09-09T19:49:12+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1521454633026-23874ee091a4?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

0. Wearing clothes means talking in clothes.  

Sometimes check with clothes. Me I want. What people want. The distance or difference between me and people. I try to express myself differently and talk with people's reactions. Sometimes it feels like a kind of experiment and play.  

1. Suits and sneakers  

Black suit jacket and white shirt, black slacks and white sneakers. There is another important meeting today, following a personal important interview. There are two official events, so I choose things that show courtesy and show myself at the same time. The more important the occasion is, the more you dress up as a means of communication and an expression of expressing yourself. It allows you to judge others before you can't even stop talking, so sometimes it's more powerful than talking. It's so different when you wear a pair of slippers and a sweatshirt and a suit. Others who treat themselves to me.  

2. Expressing myself and talking to people  

In addition, even if it's the same black suit, it's the same. It is far from me to wear neat make-up in a women's suit suit, a blouse, black high heels and skin-colored stockings, which is a set above and below. The black jacket was bought 15 years ago. It's a basic style that I chose while looking around, so it's far from trendy, but it's perfect for my shoulder line and arm length and comfortable. A white shirt is a basic dress shirt for men. The shirt collar and arm length fit me well and the length is generous, so it is good to wear in pants and it complements the frustration of suits. If you unbutton two, it's even more. Slacks aren't in suits, they're semi-casual. The length of the ankle that fits well with my short leg is a stretchy pants, so it is easy to operate and it is a clean base. White sheepskin stickers that are active but look neat instead of shoes. Now it's a formal era to wear white sneakers in suits, but of course, I know there are still elderly people who are unhappy. If they disapprove of me, it's good because it's an indicator of how I judge them. Yes. Once again, to dress, how to dress, is not only an expression itself about me but also a conversation with people.  

