---
title: daily life, weather, prose
subtitle : Story#202009100551
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life
 - weather
 - prose
date : 2020-09-09T20:51:56+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1590253230473-2435b044cc41?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

May prose #3  

Why isn't there such a day? All of a sudden, every day seems slow like a scene in a drama, and the song that flows through and through AirPods makes me excited. When that happens, the car lights on the way home seem more sensuous and I wonder about the stories of people living in the city for no reason. It's not decided by anyone, but I'm naive to think it's this age-like.  

'Where is he running to?' 'How was the day for those who left work?'  

'What kind of radio is popular these days on the way home from work?' 'Do you think everyone wants to have a glass of makgeolli?'  

I don't know if my thoughts are so immature or naive. It just occurred to me today.  

While listening to the song "Sunset," which I am deeply into these days, I suddenly thought of it. Couples who break up on a day like today must be very sad. All the breakup songs in the world will sound like their own songs, and they will lament why it rains today. "Maybe I turned on YouTube like some of my experiences and searched the lyrics of a breakup song." (It's a little embarrassing to think of such an experience.) Come to think of it, more people appear on social media to talk about love, love and separation. There is only a difference between words and words, but it is generally about forgetting past love and finding new love. Actually, it's not wrong. There must be someone who has loved more than me, and there must be heartbreaking experiences, overcoming love with love, and countless and complicated love stories. Those who studied such statistics are quite trustworthy. But in life, the form is slightly different, but I think we realized it by loving each other many times. No one can replace the feeling of love anyway, and any advice is useless unless I act or make up my mind. It may be because people's hearts and feelings of love exist to think of someone on a rainy day like today.  

Originally, on a rainy day, it was best to watch outside in a daze, but I had to go out because I had work today. As I was listening to music with an umbrella, I was walking on the campus. Perhaps it was when Kim Pil's song rang in my ears. Strangely enough, the cars waiting for the signal seemed to end the tiring day. Waiting to get out of a battlefield-like workplace and return to the home where each happiness and comfort exists. Such an imagination flashed through my mind. Somehow the scenery was all human. One who sits at a bus stop and waits for a bus, one who leaves an umbrella and runs in a hurry, covering his head with a book, and one who pushes his way home relying on a small umbrella. I thought there would be countless individual stories in each scene.  

If I become a PD someday, I want to include such a story. Why isn't there something like ordinary people's diaries or autobiographies? It's not about the lives of fancy celebrities or spotlights, but about the autobiographies of those who just exist next to us. The love of poor college students will be good, and the mannerism of work and life that office workers in their 30s feel is good. Perhaps the story of Mrs. Homplus's tasting corner that I stopped by yesterday is a good topic, and the story of a job seeker who was running away from the rain today is a good one. I wanted to create a good video that all of us are living together with such similar worries and slightly different daily lives. I'm not sure if it'll be fun or not. But when I come home on a rainy day like today and turn on the TV, if one person spends a pleasant evening watching a program I made, would there be anything more valuable than that? Maybe that's all.  

The rain dulled my appreciation to the brunch. I wonder how they felt when someone who would read this would have had rain like me. Was it a similar feeling to me or just an annoying and uncomfortable day? Someone might end the day with a person they haven't forgotten and a dream they'  

