---
title: I want to be a writer, cafe, and trust site, daily life.
subtitle : Story#202009100613
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - I want to be a writer
 - cafe
 - and trust site
 - daily life
date : 2020-09-09T21:13:33+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1590273649700-ce3476099423?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

ordinary routine  

I wake up early in the morning and get ready to go to work and leave home.  

With a quick walk, he walks past a small alleyway in the neighborhood's residential area and gets into a subway station full of office workers to avoid the noise of fast-running cars.  

The only way out of the murderous density of the subway, packed with people with nowhere to step, may be the speaker hole in this tiny earphone.  

The eyes are busy following the numerous images, videos, and contents on their phones.  

Get off at the last stop of the subway you transferred to and take a quick walk up the anchromatic subway station escalator.  

The morning sun is too bright, falling between tall trees and streetlights.  

You have to work.  

After work, he takes to the darkened streets and turns back to his home.  

Thanks to the darkness, I take the subway past the noise of cars that are heard several times better than in the morning.  

Earphones with calmer music and blue lights from cell phones in their hands shine brighter than the music they listened to on their way to work in the morning.  

Passing a street covered with lights and signs as if waiting for a dark night background, one enters a small alleyway in the neighborhood's residential area.  

Return home, open the front door half-open and shake off the noise and lights on the outer garment between them over the sticky night air.  

In our daily lives, we may be filling in the by-products we have gained from consuming countless stimuli and stresses.  

What remains in my body and mind so full of external stimuli that there is no time to quietly reflect on my thoughts and minds?  

things seen as emptiness  

When talking about space completion, it is said that space is completed only when design elements such as finishing materials and furniture lighting are filled and finally, when people fill space, there is something else that fills space.  

It is the presence that feels heavy only after emptying everything that attracts the eyes, which is the light of nature, the sound and the scent of the air, although it is always by the side like air.  

The three-story Antrusite Seogyo branch is a large cafe with various space composition such as a small gallery, a coffee counter where you can drop coffee and get it right away, and a separate meeting room, but relatively few seats are available.  

On the other hand, the front of every floor is a glass window, which fills the space that is left empty with natural lighting.  

If a franchise cafe is equipped with a coffee counter that also serves as a checkout counter on only one floor, the West Bridge branch of the Antler site delivers coffee directly to customers who ordered coffee on each floor as each coffee counter is installed on the entire floor from the first to the third floor.  

The aroma of coffee in all spaces is so strong.  

As you walk up the stairs leading to the third floor, you can feel the noise surrounding you disappear at some point.  

Oh, and apparently there's no background music here.  

Instead of loud BGMs, the rich and lively white noise of the second floor, which was filling the space secretly, reveals its presence more strongly on the boundary of change that goes to the static third floor.  

Passing through the stairwell and arriving on the third floor, a smaller amount of noise, a brighter natural glow, and the ever-present aroma of coffee fill the space.  

In this place, where only glass and metal with minimal artificial processing on top of natural materials such as stones and trees make up space, the presence of inconspicuous but filling spaces, such as natural light, noise and air, is felt stronger.  

Now I can look back on my past week as I sit down and face strong coffee.  

When you can't see what's left of your tired body and mind in your daily life, empty out countless traces of daily life that cover you.  

The moment I feel the presence of things inside me that were invisible, I will be able to get out of the traces of everyday life buried in me and focus on my feelings and minds that are deeper.  

Nothing can make your life richer than filling up and emptying your daily life well.  

Antrusite 1st floor  

Antrusite 2nd floor  

Antrusite 3rd floor  

Antrusite Light and Shadow  

Night of Antrusite  

