---
title: France, Corona, Daily Life
subtitle : Story#202009100308
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - France
 - Corona
 - Daily Life
date : 2020-09-09T18:08:45+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1589814976518-788be08b9767?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

*I used to write 'no-movement' but 'movement restriction' seems to be the more appropriate expression, so I will write 'movement restriction' in the future.  

March 23rd, Monday  

About a week after the restriction was enforced, vegetables began to fall off. I felt a little uncomfortable going to the supermarket, but I went out with my handwritten statement and ID card because I had other things to buy this and that.  

While I was out, I thought it would be good to walk a little bit, so I took a walk for about 10 minutes on the Seine River near the Pont Mirabeau Bridge. They said they would close the area around the Seine River for the weekend and wondered if it was extended, but they only closed it on the weekend. The sun was bright and the weather was so nice that there were people on the street, but the number of people who ran differently than before decreased a lot! He walked only one section between the bridge and the bridge for a very short time and headed for the Franprix Supermarket, which is closest to his home.  

When I arrived in front of the supermarket, people were lining up at intervals, and the employee was managing people leaving and coming in with a remote control. If two people were missing, two would be let in. I could wait about 10 minutes before I got in. I went in and found the stand full of things as usual. The funny thing was that before the restriction was imposed, they were carrying out a discount promotion with a stack of pasta and toilet paper, which had the highest hoarding rate. I've never seen so much toilet paper piled up in France! In addition, chocolate snacks and potato chips were also being promoted.  

France also had few items in the cheese, bread and chocolate sections, as they said on the Internet that there were different empty stands for each country. That day, I went to buy mozzarella cheese. Mozzarella was the last one! There was one left. There was no parmigiano regiano and emental cheese, the finishing touch of almost all the food, and few others were left. There was no bread at all at the spot where I went on that day, and only sweet bread with chocolate or pearl sugar remained. However, there were still bread with chocolate in it, but there were no bar chocolate at all. French people love chocolate so much, and when they shop, they sneak a look at what other people bought, regardless of age or sex, chocolate must be!! I live. But now I can see that there is a pile of toilet paper, but there is no chocolate, so I laughed.  

Instead of dragging the carts offered by the supermarket, people were putting them in their carts from home. They were also surprised to see each other in the aisle. I went to the checkout counter with the things I was going to buy as fast as I could.Oh my God, the man in front of me was talking on the phone without a mask. In fact, you can see him talking on the phone without wearing a mask on the street, but it was very uncomfortable to see him doing that in a closed space, the supermarket. But this country is France...Since it is a country that thinks it's weird to even be sensible, I just thought that I should endure it and get out of this supermarket quickly.  

I left Franfrey and went to the Carrefour City Super to buy only cherry tomatoes. (TIP: Cherry tomatoes are the cheapest in the Carrefour family! Monofu sells the same cherry tomato package at 2.99€, but Carrefour sells at 0.99€.) Franfrey didn't have any cover for the cashier's staff, which was to wrap around the checkout counter to prevent contact as much as possible.  

As soon as I finished shopping, I washed my hands and changed my clothes first, and then wiped the vegetables with baking soda, and wiped the ready-made products with an alcohol-swap once on the outside. My mom said that Korea's supermarkets will provide quarantine services on their own, but I, who live in France, don't expect such things and I'm not actually doing it, so I'm doing self-defense as much as I can. Alcohol swap always carries a box whenever I come back from Korea, so I carry this with me without hand sanitizer.  

Salad and capreze iced tea for lunch and dinner.  

Tuesday, March 24th  

I was a little worried that I might have run into a confirmed patient after I went grocery shopping yesterday, but this concern continued in my dream. The original Netflix movie "Bird Box" turned into a Corona 19 and a confirmed idiot appeared in the supermarket where I was grocery shopping, suddenly dreaming of a spit terror attack on everyone. I was not surprised if I had this dream because I dream of a dog so often (hehehehe), but when I told my friend who lives in the U.S., he told me that the U.S. had already been classified as a terrorist and went to prison..  

In France, there is talk of an extension (in fact, the extension was announced on the 27th), and European recruitment is being reduced one after another. A friend who was preparing for a change of job in Europe said he was well-versed with a company, but was informed that Korona had decided not to hire him this year. His older brother also said that the MBA Summer Intern program was abruptly canceled or that graduates in June continued to receive mail from the school to prepare for a decrease in the size of their recruitment.  

On this day, new sanctions were imposed in France, and from now on, the time to go out should be written on the handwritten statement.  

Looking at the contents, two contents were added and the existing items were modified.  

before  

If this was the case, the new statement would have been based on the original statement.  

has been added to  

In addition, the problem has been that many people suddenly came out to run, and the clause related to exercise or walking has been extended from three to five lines.  

Also, there are not a few places where they were born, but there are fewer places where they were born in the next row of their birth dates. I don't know why I should write it down! Is it because the birth city is written on the residence card?  

And lastly, it was modified to make less time (시 (hour) h (minute) to start going out next to the date. When the statement was made a week ago, it seems that there were many ambiguous exceptions to check the existing five items. I should write it if you ask me to. What can I do?  

The applause was still beating, but within a week I felt the clapping was gradually decreasing. By the way, the reason for clapping at 8 p.m. is that the update time for the Corona confirmed patient in France is 8 p.m.  

For lunch and dinner, shrimp basil pasta.  

It's definitely sheep because I'm at home! I don't know if I'm full or not sitting around.Haha  

Wednesday, March 25th  

I woke up in the morning and a ray of sunlight came into my house. The sun is so precious!!!!!!  

I hurriedly shaved the bread and fruit in the morning and sat in front of a ray of sunlight, taking a sunbathing of my own sunbathing. Later, when I looked down, the man next door was lying on his bed with his feet hanging over the window.  

I felt miserable sitting in front of a stream of sunlight, so I decided to run out on this day with a day! The know-how I learned from a few outings is that between 2 p.m. and 4 p.m. there aren't many people outside! One friend goes out only in the morning and says there's no one on the street until 9:30 a.m. However, the bakery is open and the supermarket is not open, so you can still enjoy a morning walk.  

I was writing a new statement yesterday to get out.Wow, three to five lines is a bother. You don't want to use this, do you? So I could feel the hustle and bustle with the intention of 'Don't go out.' (French people hate to be bothered.)  

I went out about 3 p.m. and there were no people! Running for about 30 minutes, I saw only one person walking with a dog along the Seine River, an old lady, and a father who came out for a walk with a baby. As I ran, the trail that was crumbling last time seemed to be closed. The weather was so nice and there was no one, so I ran excitedly after a long time. As the ghost approached four o'clock, people began to take a walk and run, and unfortunately, they turned away.  

It was the day of the event hosted by the bishops' meeting in France.  

I didn't know about this event, but after it was over, my friend told me, and I was wondering why the bell rang early at 7:30 this day. Turns out it was an event at 7:30 p.m. at the local church and cathedral where the bell rang, and the idea was to express solidarity with those who were sick from Corona 19, those who were fighting on the front line of medical care, and those who were trying to overcome Corona 19 in their respective positions. Friend said he participated, and his neighbors also participated in the event quite a lot. I couldn't participate in this event but instead clapped hard at 8 o'clock.  

I am grateful to those who are fighting on the front line of medical care due to the Corona 19, but personally, I am also grateful to the staff of the Korean Embassy in France.  

From some point on, the embassy has seen something dynamic, such as holding a UCC contest and producing card news, but I don't know how much help it is in this time of year. It produces the Korona 19 figures and related guidelines and information in France as card news and posts them on Facebook every day, and updates the date of flight operations related to their return and guidelines in Korea that must be followed when they return home.  

In addition, caution points such as mask fraud and fake police, and press releases referring to Korea in the French media are being posted in a brief summary, and if Korean residents leave any questions in the comments, they contact the French government department directly to answer them quickly.  

Even the update time is in the early morning hours, and the evening hours are often out of the office hours. Seeing you work so hard and try to give me one more piece of information, I can't be more reassured! (Not the foreign ministry I knew..) When I clapped at 8 o'clock, I should thank the Korean Embassy staff in France.  

South Korean Embassy in France Facebook pagehttps://www.facebook.com/ambcoreefr/  

Thursday, March 26th  

I went out yesterday.I forgot to buy bread for breakfast, so I had to go out again. As soon as I woke up in the morning, I tried to sit there with a statement, and a real blow came and went. Still, it's a good thing that we don't have as much to spend as the "reason for a walk." When I told my friend about this, he asked me why my arm hurts every time, and I just added the number of dates and told him to retake it again." (Why didn't I think of this?)  

Again, the police were not seen and went out to buy bread peacefully.  

The bakery staff was also wearing a mask, and they asked me to say louder if I couldn't hear you well with the mask on, so I asked for one bread-a-chocolat and one baguette in a shouting volume. The staff asked me how I was doing while I was paying, so I just stayed at home. The employee said that he/she is taking turns going to work because his/her workplace is a bakery, but he/she still says that he/she is nervous even if he/she wears a mask because he/she is a face-to-face job with people. I am working in the service industry to work is if I am sick to death I guess it would have been.  

In the afternoon, the embassy notified us of the cancellation of the overseas referendum. But there was a sentence that caught my eye.  

But the French government's strong response to the explosive growth of Corona 19 is likely to be implemented, and the measure will likely be extended....  

Is there a good chance that the measure will be extended?  

On this day, I wanted to see something very interesting on Instagram and share it with you, so I brought it!  

It's a corporate social distance campaign, and how everyone expressed their brand's identity in a witty way. Oh~~~~ I'much!  

In addition, many companies such as Audi, McDonald's, Nike, Master Card and Volkswagen are tactfully conducting campaigns.  

For lunch and dinner, baguette and chicken salad.  


