---
title: daily life, thoughts, events
subtitle : Story#202009100325
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life
 - thoughts
 - events
date : 2020-09-09T18:25:58+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1560090201-16cd118d322e?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

These days, my daily life has faded away. There was no particular event or occasion. I just found out from some point on that I often go around with an expressionless face without having much fun in my daily life. Then I pondered. I was wondering what made me not happy. No major difficulties have arisen. Daily life was a repetition of a very ordinary tranquillity as usual, and rather, in some areas, it was achieving good results to the point where strength was rising. Then, I would have lived my daily life excitedly with that energy, but from some point on, I often walked absent-mindedly or was lost in thought. Of course that's not bad. A person cannot always live in high tension. Sometimes it is also necessary to think so quietly, or to organize your daily routine calmly.  

But at least I know I'm not the kind of person who lives like this.  

This was not a good sign but a sign that the wind was blowing somewhere. I couldn't find the hole. When I wondered if I could stay as if I was losing it, I heard a story of a new wind coming in.  

You should write on brunch.  

Then suddenly, my eyes opened to the world, and I felt cool and clean water pouring from somewhere in my daily life. Oh yes! I was a writer. I was a person who felt good when I wrote about topics and thoughts that I was interested in. When someone read the article and said, "I sympathized with it or wrote it well," he was just excited and excited all day. I guess I've been stopping creation. You weren't writing. That's why I'm not satisfied with my daily life these days.  

So I searched Brunch again and came in. Then it was very embarrassing and funny to see the time and record of my past snooping around brunch. You were going to do something, but you stopped. I wondered if I was still like this.  

  

