---
title: daily life, walking, nature
subtitle : Story#202009100650
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life
 - walking
 - nature
date : 2020-09-09T21:50:16+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1586244357329-e22c22ba494f?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

It was hard to see the sky in apartments blocked by the front, back, and east.  

The mountains in the distance were just nice mountains rising up in the mountains.  

When I moved to the open front and back, I could see the green and the sky spread out.  

When man stopped, nature revived, turning over to the blue clearness and clouded sea of the sky.  

Facing the mountain, the path to the forest became my trail.  

Following the unknown path, today we will take this road and then that road.  

The Dulegil was not steep, and was purified by the shade and the refreshing stream covered by tall trees.  

He slowly moved his feet to enjoy the tension of the muscles that passed on to his legs. I sat on a bench in between, talking to my daughter.  

I also talk to my wife. A walk with a son would be perfect, but unless it's a special situation, I'll follow.  

It can't come out.  

Walking calms me down. Even in a state of confusion with deep anxiety and concern, peace permeates while walking through the forest. Breathed out loudly, breathing in the energy of trees, soil and grass. He washed the sweat on his forehead and dipped his hands and feet in the stream. Wetted my throat with packed water and fruit, I felt light with moderate fatigue and tiredness.  

In the forest, the other person's voice is heard more clearly and they have a deep conversation quietly. Although we didn't talk much, it seems that there is a fruitful and effective communion.  

Sometimes I walk without saying anything, but then I moved silently because I knew it was time to talk to myself or listen to the sounds of nature. Even the sound of grazing the soil is sometimes sweet. As you walk, the leaves reflected in the sunlight and the wind give you calm comfort. The sound of unknown birds singing with beautiful sounds spreads.  

I don't know where this road leads, but I'll try another course tomorrow.  

While walking along a familiar path, I am thinking of taking a new road and experiencing unexpected space.  

When I meet a rock, I will rest, and when I meet a stream, I will wet myself and walk through the forest.  

If the walking distance increases and the muscles in the legs become stronger, then it may turn into a climb to the top.  

