---
title: reading, publication, daily life
subtitle : Story#202009100228
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - reading
 - publication
 - daily life
date : 2020-09-09T17:28:02+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1521714161819-15534968fc5f?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Finally, the third book is out.  

"How do ordinary everyday life become a writing?"  

The most ordinary life I've ever lived a very ordinary life.  

through reading  

through record  

through writing  

Through this book writing,  

I was able to grow little by little.  

This book contains my know-how to write.  

  

The moment your daily life becomes a writing, you face the potential inside you.  

That's when my second life begins!  

There was a writing in my daily life!  

The moment you discover it (not an invention), your view of life changes.  

Thank you for everything in your daily life!  

This is the table of contents.  

The writing that goes in - daily life is everything we have in life.  

Chapter 1 Writing Best Tools, Reading  

Daily Power: How to Be a Writer  

Don't doubt it.  

First tool to revive creativity: Morning Page  

a misunderstanding of Confucius who solves eggs, bitter, divine, and miscellaneous matters.  

Great Beyond Normal: Reading  

Genius' love of reading  

Record your findings from time to time.  

The Power of Very Small Habits: Building Habits  

100 Days: Time of Appointment  

Give yourself a gift of 100 days to write.  

human possibility  

Conditions to be a good teacher: Skills about people  

The best solution to retirement problems is not to retire.  

the man who lives today  

A life that is not bad is bad  

Books that helped write life.  

take a second picture  

Take a picture. And write.  

Meaning is remembered forever.  

a trivial habit that I have developed  

a life of breaking up  

daily routine  

Wisdom learned from paper cup telephones: true communication  

Children's Sense of Achievement: Left Hand Is Helping  

Children learn to live.  

Operation Gorani Rescue: A Child with Warm Emotions  

a circle-loving child  

the only calendar in the world  

Eyes to New World #1. Lessons from Glasses  

The Wisdom of Puffed Puffs  

Chapter 3. Real education begins with writing.  

The real reason why the classroom doesn't change.  

be the first mentor of one's life  

a friend's desk painting  

Do I educate or manipulate children?  

Get the child's heart. Then teach me.  

a secret to making a child study on his or her own.  

the most successful method of education  

Great Class: Example  

Every experience and writing is worth it.  

I was a bad teacher again today.  

true poetry  

The Warmest Word in the World: Let's get out of P.E.  

The most beautiful thumb in the world.  

The environment won't change, thanks to your mind.  

You are very special.  

Have confidence: a conscientious person  

You're the flower that brings happiness.  

Desperate is the answer.  

the beauty of the margin that I learned from painting folklore.  

I'm going to judge modern education.  

Writing two lines of my mind: Morning page in the classroom  

The first of the parental qualifications is self-esteem.  

Sect. 4. The Power of Thought and Writing  

use every thought  

Harry Potter: On the Way to the 9th and 3rd/4th Ride  

Fist King Ralph: What I Can Do  

Hurricane Carter: Reading, Recording, Writing, Writing, Meeting, Sharing  

Choo's Open Attitude: Make Your Own Routine  

A player's growth potential ' boo': eight ways to deal with criticism  

finishing writing  

▶YES 24 http://www.yes24.com/Product/Goods/91338592?scode=032  

