---
title: Daily life, emotion, day
subtitle : Story#202009100246
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - emotion
 - day
date : 2020-09-09T17:46:03+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1566425303014-8b71badc099a?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

The same sky, the same street, the same scenery, but depending on how you feel, you feel a lot.   

The video taken yesterday is produced in various colors when the filter is used. Calmly, mildly, and somewhat depressed, the feeling is corrected differently.  

Suddenly, we feel that way, just as the scenery and streets, buildings, and even people change their clothes every day.  

I have lived as a weekend couple for a long time.  

When I wake up at dawn and take the company bus to work far away, I often wake up on an urgent curved road, coming out of the highway IC, which is bright and near the company.  

Straight up the bus curtain, the exceptionally clear morning sun and the trees and the lively plants that grow on the surface of the law are just gray.  

Be aware of the soft smile you have to send to the people you encounter when you bend your body to the straight bus seat for hours, poke and open the company's revolving door, and start warming up your face muscles. The mind and body are not very soft either.  

I often see myself accepting the same street, the same scenery, and the emotions I feel at that time, and the state of my mind quite differently.  

In the end, depending on how I maintain my feelings, the decision to accept reality also means that I have been given the initiative, and I try to accept it as a good thing.  

From one day on, it seems that an instinctive agreement has been reached.  

Most obvious of all, the weight of the way to work on Monday and the lightness of the way home on Friday feels exactly the same size, with only different signs. To put it in a little thought, it can be expressed like this. If Monday's heavyness disappears, I also feel that I can't savor the lightheartedness of Friday's work-off.  

I always sympathize with the idea of value-neutrality in life.  

This is also a part of it again.  

The way to work on Monday is heavy on Friday, and the way to get off work is light.  

When you combine weight and lightness, it's always Young영.Will I be able to feel a light, peaceful feeling in my life if I remove my feelings of fear and anxiety?vv

Think again.   

