---
title: I'm happy, everyday, and empathize.
subtitle : Story#202009100511
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - I'm happy
 - everyday
 - empathize
date : 2020-09-09T20:11:41+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1498674202614-ac0172c6c61a?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

When I was in middle school, my mom opened a store.  

My mom had already cooked dinner and worked. After school, I watched TV and had a meal.  

That's how I enjoyed freedom throughout my three years in middle school. I studied very little by reading books and TV programs that I wanted to watch. Having lived like that, of course, my grades were not very good when I entered high school. Not exactly, but I remember being ranked 12th out of 50 students in my class.  

Some people might think, "You did a good job, did you brag?" But for me, who entered middle school as the third-ranked student in the whole school, my pride was very hurt. People have different expectations for themselves.  

Then one day, my partner and the child sitting in front of him were solving math problems together, so I glanced at the process. However, I think that there is an easy way to solve the problem, but I think that it is too textbook. So I poke my nose into it.  

"Hey, there's something easier than that." But the two ignored my story. He pretended not to hear.  

My pride was shattered at the moment.  

Because they had better grades than me, I thought they were ignoring me who had worse grades than them.  

For the first time in my life, I was ignored by my classmates, and I felt dizzy.  

Let's go to a level they can't ignore!'  

So I started studying from that day. I decided to study hard by enrolling in the morning class of the academy which was in the city.  

But on the first day of attending the academy, I suddenly felt a strong pain in my shoulder while taking an English class. The pain came down to the arm and it was not easy to even turn your head. It was as if about 30 needles were poking me on my shoulders and arms.  

When I went to the hospital after school that day, I was diagnosed with "stomach pain," so I had physical therapy until I got better.  

The stress of studying caused me to suffer from gyeonbi pain. This was the only thought I had during the period of my shoulder ache.  

"If you get better, you'll have no wish.'  

After about a month of treatment, the gyeonbi-tongue was healed. This is the first time in my life that I have realized the trivial happiness of everyday life.  

(In my family, I have succeeded in improving my grades by studying with minimal stress on my studies.)  

Years passed and I was in my thirties. After working too hard due to praise for his good work, this time, he was hospitalized due to a combination of two diseases, probably because his body was out of balance. It was so serious that it was hard to go out.  

I was so envious to see people walking freely somewhere outside the hospital room.  

I realized that being able to walk somewhere under the sun was actually happiness. Fortunately, my illness has healed, and now I can go my way I want. Although many years have passed, I still feel grateful that I can enjoy the leisurely stroll.  

And about two years ago, there was an accident in which a companion "Angel," the youngest member of my beloved family, was injured under his beak one day. The favorite food of the parrot is sunflower seeds. The hard sunflower seeds were "stabbed" and eaten, but the bottom of the beak hurt, so I couldn't eat the hard sunflower seeds.  

And I thought, 'Oh, it's a great pleasure just to be healthy. I took it for granted. I easily forgot my daily life of happiness.'  

After about a month of treatment, I feel grateful to someone in the sky when I see the parrot eating the feed piled up on the hard shell again.  

When I think about the little things I enjoy in my daily life that are actually great happiness, my mind becomes humble and this daily life becomes precious.  

From that point of view, I am grateful to my students who respond to my class as a teacher and grow together, and also to my family who accept me as a mother or wife who is not enough.  

Sometimes life doesn't go my way, but I overcome it with gratitude for what I've already enjoyed and what I currently enjoy.  

And thank you to my readers who read this, and if you are dissatisfied with your current life, I hope you will reflect on it from a broad perspective and overcome the current stress.  

