---
title: Grapes, routines, emotions
subtitle : Story#202009100107
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Grapes
 - routines
 - emotions
date : 2020-09-09T16:07:00+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1575836073462-9bc183f5b6bb?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I watched the V app of my favorite artist. Thinking of the youngest member who has been in training for nearly 10 years makes me feel emotional. "It was a baby when I first saw it, but it was this big. Now you're an adult with strong muscles." If I had a child, I would look at him with these soft feelings several times a day. At times like this, you can also use the word "moved," but "moved" seems to be a bit emotional, and "molmulmulmul" is appropriate.  

From the moment I hear the word "mellow", my heart starts to feel warm. If anyone has anything to persuade me, you can take this word out and use it. I'll be persuaded at once. I look up the dictionary to see if there was a word like this. The word lumpy means that a lumpy object is soft and very smooth, and it is plump because it has gained weight. Unexpectedly, there is no direct connection with the mind. I looked for Mongle. He expresses his feelings as if his heart is suddenly filled with emotions such as sadness and anger. I think it's a word used when I'm sad and angry, but has the nuance changed by repeating this mongle twice? In addition, the original meaning of the word "mellow" is added to make it something more lovely and soft.  

Grapes come to mind first when you think it's soft. Grapes represent the softness and extreme smoothness of a lump. We have this fuzzy grape tree in our house. When I first bought a grape tree, I didn't even farm properly, but I hesitated because I was afraid that grapes would open. Nevertheless, the reason why I brought two vines home after much consideration was because of my couple's desire to love wineries. He was not tall, and the shape of the player was also cool. Even if the grapes were not opened, they seemed to have a presence. It was not long after the vine was planted that the flowers began to open as if they were for me. At first, it was light green like Shine Musketeers. Then, as the color grew darker, it changed to the purple grape color we knew. And by mid-September, the sweet-tasting grapes were harvested. I didn't care much. I only gave him a little fertilizer, but grapes gave me great pleasure. The grapes were plentiful enough to eat.  

In the following year, grapes were opened like model students who studied well on their own, and became richer. As the grapes ripened with sweet scents, there was no problem if only the birds that smelled the scent and rushed in were careful. Wrap each piece of fruit in a bag and you can get away from the birds' attack, and I think it's going to rot and rot in that stuffy bag, but it cooks well without any problems, admirably. You can taste the grapes after holding out with the envelope tree, not the grape tree. In other words, I, who have harvested grapes, and I have achieved my goals for the year. After boldly cutting off the branches well before it gets cold, the vine enters a long hibernation. Sometimes I wonder if I'm dead or not, but when spring comes again, I get new buds on the vine. The branches gradually stretch out and change into perilla leaf-shaped leaves. And when the time comes, grapes are opened.  

In the unusually cold winter of last year, the day continued to fall below minus 10 degrees Celsius, and the cold did not easily recede. The land was frozen, and the life that was holding its breath was barely holding out. What happened to the vine after the winter, when it was so frigid? One of the two vines survives, and one does not. None of the trees survived were in good condition. The strength of the branches and the greenness of the leaves were different from before. It was greed to expect grapes to open. Surviving was a great thing.  

The sun heated up again. Small buds began to form in the vine that seemed unlikely to happen. The pine mushrooms were smaller than they used to be, and there weren't many. The hanging shape was pitiful. He endured such a hard time, a time so hard that he could die, sent his companions aside, and survived with a vengeance. Still, I'm so moved to see the grapes that are fluttering to do anything and to carry out my duties.  

The grape harvest season has come, and half of the open grapes have not changed from light green to dark purple. He must have been lacking the power to go there because he spent all his energy trying to survive last winter. I carefully peeled off the grapes that looked quite ripe. The transparent flesh inside reveals shyly. Taste it. It wasn't very sweet, but it wasn't bad. Unlike the old grapes, which were only sweet, there was something complex mixed in. It seems to be sour, bitter, and salty. The pain and tears were melted in the hard-earned vines. Is it the taste of grapes with such a subtle taste in life?  

Another year has passed. In the next two or three months, you will meet grapes of the year. Now, light-green grapes are growing in size. Unless there is a major upset, you can expect this year's grape flavor. Unlike the world of bright grapes without much trouble, our world in 2020 was dark days amid lethargic and miserable feelings. With Corona 19, our daily lives are as close as the crisis that came to grapes last winter. It seems as though we manage to roll, but our minds are filled with sensitive emotions hidden in anxious eyes and stories that we have not told beyond the mask. How long can I last? No, when will it be all right?  


