---
title: Other people, stress, daily life
subtitle : Story#202009100123
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Other people
 - stress
 - daily life
date : 2020-09-09T16:23:15+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1485887617758-536d882b7617?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

One season I often wanted to be alone. I thought, "Leave me alone," but it was a time when I felt relieved and lonely, saying, "What if everyone leaves me?" Stress seemed to come from others. After an uncomfortable meal, I felt indigestion. I was upset that misunderstanding or alienation seemed to be an unavoidable social factor, and suspected that consideration and goodwill were coming from time to time. Even when emotions such as longing and excitement were intertwined, my mind seemed to have no time to rest, dealing with 100 different issues that were squeezed in.  

I realized a little late that stress was my own problem after all. It was necessary to have the courage to be hated through such practices as politely rejecting and expressing emotions.  

Music was comforting. I filled the room with music through the speaker. While listening to classical music, I made a list of recommendations for 'music before going to bed'. While listening to pop songs, I read along to the lyrics, and when I was moved by their expressions, I quickly took notes. Then, whenever I heard a song, I thought of someone, who was nobody and everyone. In a certain situation, when a song comes to mind, I turn the film to play the reminiscences, and when I think it's rhythmical music that makes me forget all of this, I wake up and dance.With music was mainly reading, especially when I felt a sudden surge of nervousness or helplessness like Sunday night, I took several books out of the bookshelf and put them in bed. The act of lighting candles to create a more cozy environment-the act of lighting candles itself is comforting.- The lighting is just relying on reading stands.  

In the blanket, he rolls himself round and looks at the book, pencils and notebooks to prepare to stop the rattling heart, which cannot be missed at this time was chocolate and beer. By then, I seem to have loved the existence of "this sweet thing that comforts me" by eating one caramel-type chocolate from Norway one a day. If you ask me how to drink beer instead of rounding my body, I would say that I don't need to add an explanation because I think there are quite a few people who have done so at least once. One night when you fall asleep while eating chocolate, drinking beer and reading a book, you think this."I'll have to go to the dentist." The music and reading lights were on, so I would wake up early in the morning, and when I woke up, I was so absorbed in the lyrics of the song that came out at the moment I woke up that I was moved blankly. Listening to music, drinking beer and reading books, I often became obsessed with certain sentences. Then, I moved my sentences to a notepad, and soon continued my own sentences and paragraphs. The article was satisfactory even if I read it again the next day. As expected, Choi Seung-ja sympathized with poet Choi Seung-ja's words, "If the world looks warm and normal, you can't write poetry." Perhaps it was in a similar vein that an essay teacher, who sometimes bought and ate sundae gukbap together on weekday evenings, said, "I can't write about love until I have a teary love."  

In those days, I often heard a cat crying outside the window in my room. The house was on the fourth floor, but there was a rooftop running from the third floor, so people living in the building smoked or talked on the phone, and I thought maybe somewhere there was a cat that took up a seat.  

When I woke up at dawn, I thought of a cat because I could hear the sound of waves outside the window. When the sound of the wind came in like the sound of waves, I opened the window that had not opened well. At that time, the room was full of Saint-Saens' swans played by Yo-Yo Ma, and when he met a cat, his name was Yo-Yo.I laughed at him thinking I should name him Mana Saint-Saens.  

How are you? You haven't had much brunch lately, have you? So I'm going to post something I've written down, and I'll be right back on my trip to Cuba. Writers, brunch. I'll be there soon. :-)  

