---
title: Daily life, puppy, pet dog
subtitle : Story#202008252229
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - puppy
 - pet dog
date : 2020-08-25T13:29:37+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1562392061-b9c35f852c99?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Over 30 years ago, when I was in elementary school, I raised a puppy in my house for about 3 years. The little puppy that my father bought from the market to make us happy. Young me and my younger brothers used to take good care of the puppy and run around the neighborhood joyfully.  

We didn't put him on a leash, so when we were taking a nap, he had already come into the house and slept next to us, and when he disappeared late in the evening, our family had been looking for him until night.  

Sometimes, when I was scolded by my parents for being scolded and depressed, I talked to him while sniffing around his house. He was not a man but a dog, but he was another brother to me, and a member of my family. And the gleaming eyes of him looking at me and my family were always filled with the feeling of joy that he felt with us and the belief that we would not abandon him and be with him.  

Then one day, after the boy had disappeared for several days, he stumbled and returned to his scar-filled form, and died after a few days of lingering illness. The death of a dog, which had been affectionate for years and shared many memories, came as a huge shock to me as a 13-year-old boy. On the day my dog died, there was news on TV that dozens of people were killed in a bus accident. The death of many people. And one puppy's death. Objectively, the size of the two events cannot be compared. However, for me, the latter event was an eternal farewell to my family, and a great part of the memories I shared as a child were falling apart. The dog, which spent three years with my family, was definitely a family, not an animal.  

I have kept my dog indoors for more than 10 years in the #Episode 2 Cheogatjip. She was adopted by her mother-in-law when she was young and raised by all kinds of prettiness, and she was 75 to 80 years old. As he grew older, he became blind and couldn't control his bowel movements, and he was dripping feces all over his wife's house, and his hind legs could not move properly. At this rate, he said, euthanasia is necessary. However, the in-laws. My father-in-law, mother-in-law, wife-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law.No one thought of it. Because to them, he was a very old family that shared love and memories.  

Even though he knew euthanasia was necessary, no one could come forward because he was a family member. No, I didn't want to go out. However, the dog was a family to my in-laws who had built up affection for me for more than a decade, but it was nothing more than a dying animal to me and to the east and the west who had no such relationship.  

Finally, to solve this situation, I and Dongseo had put the dog in a blanket and euthanized it through an animal hospital. At that time, the tears and sighs of my wife's family were no different from those of me and my family who were young and said goodbye to my dog more than 30 years ago. However, there was only a difference to me that the dog of Cheogajip was nothing more than an animal that did not fall into the family category.  

While experiencing the two events directly, I felt keenly that pets could be members of a strong family relationship, depending on the sharing of experiences, the sharing of living places, and the sharing of joys and sorrows, and that without such sharing, they could be nothing more than animals.  

The book story was too long. Here's a book that describes the joys and sorrows of everyday life with the eyes of a batter, or a dog. The dog is a dog, but the dog's emotional ups and downs, the behavior of the dog, and the mind of the owners who take care of him are not much different from what ordinary people have about their families. The owner, who lives near Seomjingang River, takes the words "island" and "jin" of the Seomjingang River, gives the name "island" to a small female, and carefully raises the name "Jin" to a large male, and misses the two dogs, or their families, who passed away after living together for 15 to 15 years as a family member. Jin's actions and thoughts about many daily happenings or episodes surrounding Jin, viewed by the owner from the perspective of Jin, decorate each page with Jin's mouth.  

"Jin," who is immature and sometimes acts or thinks deeply, unfolds his own philosophy and standards through this book, his family around him, and his daily life. A boring routine that can seem normal, transforms itself into dynamic and entertaining stories through the eyes and words of 'Jin'. I could call this Jini's magic.  Like the magic of Aladdin's character, Genie. We often say 'dogs are the best'. People who are tired of the emotional ups and downs of joy and sorrow living such flat or passive daily lives will be the words of envy, sarcastic half-heartedness, half-heartedness, half-heartedness, half-heartedness, half-heartedness, sleep, bark when a stranger comes, and sometimes do something cute.However, the speaker of the book, "Jin," is not much different from our complicated lives. The heart of a man with a fluttering heart who adores an attractive woman. The disappointment and troubled man's heart when the result is not fresh, even though he has done his best to do something for his family and organization. A heavy-shouldered father's heart that somehow has to protect my wife and my young despite external difficulties. I feel proud when I do something and want to bragging.  

Follow the story of Jin, who describes various episodes of his daily life in various ways, and Jin, who looks like a dog, disappears and appears as another person who is resonating with the reader with laughter, sadness, joy, and difficulties. Can anyone who sees the monologue of "Jin" as below think of "Jin" as just a pet dog?  

"The scent of trees and flowers and grasses mixed in the faintly bright early-morning fresh air, and the incessant murmur of little birds and the smell of my love island, makes me crazy..." (P. 14)  

" My lover's cute cubs must have settled into the lives of warm-hearted people. And before long, they will appear one by one in this red roof house to meet their mother with a mature look that has completely taken off their baby t-shirts." (P.38)  

"When I see such a day, I'm a theater actor. I think he is a very good actor. If my tone sounds self-contradictory now, that's a misunderstanding. Because I live the moment forever. My fate is not a life that leaves a little room in a wistful way, but a life that survives every moment without leaving a moment."(Lonely of the cafe, p. 145)"My babies have inherited my long hair and loose earring, and it seems like a ball of wool is rolling around. The long fur on the body, which grows day by day, adds cuteness along with the round eye factor of the island. Hedgehogs are no exception, just as their cubs are the most beautiful." (P. 130) Sometimes they show a boy like a playful kid, but sometimes they show a strong man with a sense of responsibility to protect his owner and family, and sometimes they show a variety of happy sides like comedians, not tragic poets, based on their own lives and circumstances."  

As for everyday life, which is ordinary and insignificant, and the daily life that I think just goes by without much fun, "Jin" actively gives meaning through its own standards, and makes the beads valuable by putting them into the thread of his own life. And at the center of the bead is the owners who consider themselves, their lovers, their children, and Jin as a family. Watching "Jin" reminds me of a line from a drama that recently ended. "The happiest time was not a great day with a precious person."  

