---
title: Seoul International Book Fair, Daily Life, Corona
subtitle : Story#202008252338
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Seoul International Book Fair
 - Daily Life
 - Corona
date : 2020-08-25T14:38:28+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1591171745838-d0c7b5dc6ab3?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

The increased time with the children with the raid of Corona. Remote classes, short classes, and the two-month summer vacation that follows. The past time I spent with my children feels distant. In no time, no, already! It's mid-August. Our 2020 must have been stolen. It's not the end of the year thanks to a big kid whose new semester begins in September, but I feel like it's the end of the year, leaving only regrets about the past....  

Everything that was planned began to scatter as routine stopped. I wanted to get them in my desk drawer somehow and put them in my hands, but... I wondered if this Corona was going to be a month or two longer, but there was no sign of ending at all, so I felt "I don't know." and became lazy in many ways. Then I gained weight. I overspend. Became more stupid. Mistakes increased. Absorbing  

I think it's more fun to be with my children now that I've waned even though I was trying to save my own time somehow. I can't believe it. I'm happy that the two covered children are playing well, and now when I hear the second child who couldn't speak well at the beginning of the year, I laugh out loud and laugh out loud because the lyrics are so absurd (really funny). Poo-ha.)  

Most of all, it is fun to see what a big child does with both hands these days. Such are works from Atelier, assembling and completing Lego blocks that still seem difficult, and holding onto the study paper by myself and writing something with a pencil even if I don't look at them.  

Corona, fine dust, long rainy season and hot weather... In the midst of it, children still grow up and adults grow old steadily. I know, I think I need to wake up and be less lazy, but where should I start reorganizing? My daily life.  

As expected, I'm slightly excited about the start of school for my eldest child. When I have to get my daily routine back. at interest  

I should start exercising again, go to writing classes, and help my friend's business more. At this rate, the notice of "postponement of school due to corona" may come down, so I'll put the flutter away for a while. Oh, come on. When is it over?  

