---
title: Daily life, summer vacation, temporary public holiday
subtitle : Story#202008250659
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - summer vacation
 - temporary public holiday
date : 2020-08-24T21:59:08+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1527784281695-866fa715d9d8?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Monday, August 17, 2020  

A temporary holiday  

Is it because of the summer vacation? There were not many cars on the street, and there were not many customers in the village bus that always passed by me. I got on the subway a little later than usual, but there was no one waiting, and at this time, I quickly scanned seats that I could not get hit by people moving rather than sitting down, but I didn't have to do that today.  

  

As usual, I want to get my morning weather certification as a weather project and leave before 7 o'clock. I want to sleep a little longer. After a few minutes of internal conflict, he quickly cleaned up. After the long rainy season, the heat and tropical nights begin! My goal is to go to work before 7 o'clock because I can feel the heat coming up a little after 7 o'clock.  

I read aloud once with my vision and mission, and use my spare time 10 minutes before departure to carry out my daily Chinese financial education book translation mission. The reason why I study Chinese is that I want to go further to Chinese students studying abroad and teach finance and self-development in China in person without interpreting." I think about my dream and goal once again.  

Today, I took the subway after 7 o'clock, so I couldn't hear TV English Program.  

I sat on the subway, and it was 7:11... Shall we listen to the rest of the nine minutes? I wanted to, but I just chose to read today.  

'There's no one waiting for a sustainable half-white man, and at this time there are people, so they scan quickly for places that they don't get hit by moving people rather than sitting down, but they didn't have to today.  

  

As usual, I want to get my morning weather certification as a weather project and leave before 7 o'clock. I want to sleep a little longer. After a few minutes of internal conflict, he quickly cleaned up. After the long rainy season, the heat and tropical nights begin! My goal is to go to work before 7 o'clock because I can feel the heat coming up a little after 7 o'clock.  

I read aloud once with my vision and mission, and use my spare time 10 minutes before departure to carry out my daily Chinese financial education book translation mission. The reason why I study Chinese is that I want to go further to Chinese students studying abroad and teach finance and self-development in China in person without interpreting." I think about my dream and goal once again.  

Today, I took the subway after 7 o'clock, so I couldn't hear EBS English.  

I sat on the subway, and it was 7:11... Shall we listen to the rest of the nine minutes? I wanted to, but I just chose to read today.  

'For a sustainable, semi-white life.  

It is one of the book gifts given by an editor when writing a book in the 21st century, and this month, he wrote all four books and reviews, and half of them are still left, so he chose it as an additional book. It's funnier than I thought and it really captures freelance position. And on the other hand, it's been 10 years since I've been a freelancer, so I don't think I've been able to capture it like this I will practice from today because I have some regrets.  

"Floor Nomad"  

The structure of making profits even if I don't work, and my goal is to pave the way when I'm just a little younger so that I can do what I want to do and do what I like.  

I'm the only one in the shared office today.  

By now, we're supposed to hear a lot of noise coming in and cleaning up, but we're supposed to hear music in the lounge.  

Just quiet.  

But I'm going to do the same thing on Monday morning as usual.  

If I rest because it's a holiday, rest because it's a weekend, and rest because it's a holiday, I won't be able to take a step closer to my goal.  

I didn't want to go, but I didn't force myself to come out, and I chose to go out.  

It's cooler than home and enough for the reason that there's no bed if you turn around right behind you.  

Eat lactobacillus and drink my favorite TWG 1837 TEA.  

Today, we re-operate the parcels and pack the diary orders that came in at dawn, and under 500g goes to a place where you can send the parcels at a lower price and challenge. And the Jeju Island goods that I sent on the 12th of last week are still in Gangnam, so I asked the customer center to call the delivery company on Monday, so I am waiting for 9 p.m.  

This year, we will try to minimize the problems caused by shipping and packing!  

Since it's a temporary holiday, I'll eat out for lunch and dinner tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!  

We don't even have a stock market, so let's concentrate and write!  

