---
title: daily life,corona,depression
subtitle : Story#202008252312
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life
 - corona
 - depression
date : 2020-08-25T14:12:46+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1571627663809-e2b39c7a13d8?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Recently, various environmental changes have begun to create many cracks in daily life (especially due to corona). There are cracks in physical activities, such as wearing masks or telecommuting, and mental cracks that increase the pressure on credit card debt or make long-term plans difficult.  

Daily graph of similar body movements and emotional changes over time every day (wake up at 7 a.m. - I'm sleepy, lunchtime at 12 p.m. - What should I eat? When an unexpected input comes in at 6 p.m. - Wow, exciting!), there is a gap in daily life.  

In order to make up for the bumpy routine, we have to put in a certain amount of 'power to live.'  

e.g. street cats, money to pay back to the bank, things I like, people I love, people I'll be sad if I die, books I still have to read, delicious food, etc.  

The power to make me live is somewhat proportional to the experience of life. As you live, the power to "make me live" or "the reason for life" becomes increasingly ambiguous, and if you think "I just live," you can ignore some cracks and make up for them. One cannot ignore the power of a person who has accumulated experience in life. A person who has kept his or her daily routine for a long time quickly fills the cracks and accepts the modified daily life as a new one.  

The new everyday surface, which was initially bumpy, becomes accustomed and piling up over time again and hardens.  

If you repeat the cracks and fillings like that, the layers will pile up and later, even if there is a fairly strong crack, there will be no major blow. It is similar to the process of rupturing and regenerating the body's muscles. Muscles that live their lives are also gradually being trained. That's how a person grows up.  

However, too many or too deep cracks at a time can cause fatal damage or collapse. It can occur when there are still less layers of life or when there is not enough "power to make me live" to fill all the cracks, which exceed them.  

My daily life becomes bumpy when the power to make up for the crack is far short. For example, when a child who is only five years old is routinely subjected to domestic violence, the child has no power to fill the crack. Or even taking a shower can cause deep cracks in daily life if you are a serious depression patient and have 0.5 power to keep the person alive. A depression patient in the book, "The Depression of the Midday," had left this message in a letter. "I don't take a shower these days. It's just a bath. The water that touches my body feels so painful."  

A person whose daily routine is uneven easily distorts ordinary events that take place around him. It is difficult to easily accept the hearts of people who feel attacked or are doing good to themselves. It is considered routine that there is nothing peaceful in life, so it makes them nervous to live a stable and happy life.  

Of course, I don't always think of the other person's kindness as a "jokkat," but I instinctively try to find a reason in that action. In a straight line, I think the other person will think in that way with his own filter-trained goodwill that has turned around and became unable to recognize the shape without realizing that people's doctors are coming and going.  

Still, if the bumpy daily life is at a level where one can live, sometimes the whole life collapses due to cracks in the depth that one cannot afford. This can happen to people who have failed to build layers that should have been built naturally as they grow or who are vulnerable to cracks because the layers are thinner than others.  

In case of this, we need to set up a kind of safety barrier to lead our lives well.  

A kind of emotional condom, or something that supports the blow so that when my daily balance fails to withstand the stimulus and stumbles, it doesn't affect my core.  

The easiest way is 1) to make a man a paradise. Putting a safety screen in the middle of a paradise is sure to work and fast. Most of us live with our loved ones as a safety shield.  

So what does this safety film need for human qualities?  

First of all, 1) Can it be easily removed? You should ask a question about something. If you touch this person in my life, I'll let him keep his fucking core and then suddenly disappear, you'll see a disaster. For example, if you're going to die soon or something like that, you could be in trouble.  

Usually, there is a possibility of the relationship breaking up in this way, so it is wise to increase the dependence on the left side of the axis. **But the thing to note here is that there is only one person I can be sure I never break up with forever. Who is it? It's me.  

That's why we need to know a lot of ways to make my time with me into paradise so that we can withstand these cracks well.  

Of course, you don't have to do everything by yourself. The general and ideal look is like this.  

If people help, they can jump higher and prevent the attack of cracks.  

Or you can stack up a lot of things you like and hit the stimulus higher and reduce the blow. But I can't even get a dozen books high enough for a single person.  

But what if it doesn't stop the stimulation?  

You could die!  

