---
title: Daily life, office worker, sensibility
subtitle : Story#202008252052
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - office worker
 - sensibility
date : 2020-08-25T11:52:06+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1530655937400-7f00928c51e1?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

England in December was not cold. I took a thick coat, but I had more time in my backpack. It wasn't cold, but it wasn't sunny either. England is famous for its cloudy weather. Due to this weather, many people wear a transcoat. It is said that there are more cloudy days than sunny days, and that I wore a transch coat instead of an umbrella because I didn't know when it would rain. Travelers who stay like me may not feel the local weather. If cloudy days continue during the trip, you can just think of it as unlucky. If cloudy days continue for those who continue their lives, not traveling, they will naturally become thirsty for sunny days. There was an exceptionally sunny day during my daughter-in-law's reign. I witnessed an incredible sight that day. The subway and the road began to flood with people as if they had promised. Barricades blocking their way poured out into the street as if they had been opened. It may be an exaggerated expression, but they felt that they had been waiting for the day.  

These are the days when you can guess a little how they feel about waiting for the sun. I can't remember seeing the clear sky after weeks of rain. The daily rain cannot be handled with a transit coat. The rain, which falls with all its might, is about to break through even the umbrella. Even if you dress neatly, your clothes are all over the place in a few steps. When you go to work after wrestling with the rain, your shoes are water shoes for playing in the water. Underneath the shoes is a loss of fighting spirit and the flabby socks are pitiful. The head is more of a spectacle. It's been a long time since I lost my place due to the overflowing moisture even when I left the house. Sunny days are hot, but rainy days are also hot. Towels that pile up after washing off sweat and rainwater are also a headache. The washing machine runs day after day, but the drying speed is only slow. The stickyness of the floor doesn't go away easily even if you turn the fans around to get rid of the dampness all over the house. The hand, which is forced to turn the air conditioner but is shaking due to the pressure of the electricity bill, is already on the power button. The same is true for children who have ambiguous boundaries whether they are in school or on vacation. The rain, which lasted for several months in captivity with Corona 19, prevents even the front door from opening.  

"It's so nice to be home and study comfortably!"  

"Now is the happiest time for me to read books and study less."  

I hope to hear that. I think the only thing I'm memorizing is the TV schedule. When you get tired of TV, YouTube or games take up the next spot. When even this gets boring, I reluctantly go back to my student life, unpacking a few sheets of study paper. Even if you don't move your body, you get hungry at the right time. The amount you eat seems to have nothing to do with the amount of activity. My taste is always the same. So it seems that the only thing that's increasing is flesh.  

These days, people suffer from heavy rain in their daily lives. Wet clothes, damaged hair, and backed up cars are only a brief inconvenience. It is incomparable to the pain of those whose homes were flooded, carefully harvested crops were washed away, and who lost their families more precious than their lives. Those who suffer unthinkable damage are stopped at that time. I think I'm at a loss where to start. There is no way to see if we can go back to our previous lives even with various hands of help to share our pain together. I feel like I'm going through a lot of different things this year. It seems that trials are being carried out against the entire nation, not some. The power of "together" is likely to be desperately needed. I hope we can share our pain with each other in the mind that it could be my job, rather than just me.  

All these trials now will pass as well.  

