---
title: Space, daily life, memories
subtitle : Story#202009060803
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Space
 - daily life
 - memories
date : 2020-09-05T23:03:20+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1564174867593-e722ee5e93ea?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

The reason why I chose to stay at DMB was because of my reputation for being clean and clean. In addition, there was no reason not to stay because the boss gave me a kind and delicious breakfast, or Korean food. Around that time, most of the Koreans who heard in Wahaka would have stayed at Dishmbre. However, I didn't like the Korean accommodation very much. It was easy to get information on travel and it was nice to meet Koreans, but I thought it would be better to hang out with people from other countries and experience local culture while traveling. To be more honest, I hated group life, and I felt like I was left out when I was in the same place with Koreans who were united with strong affection because I couldn't drink alcohol.  

Arriving in Wahakka was between a completely sunset evening and night. The Mexican bus was often delayed and was three hours behind the time it was supposed to arrive. From there, a dim streetlight circled the residential alley that seemed to be there. I was soaked in sweat and carried my backpack and found a strange place where I could see the canopy long after. There was no noticeable sign, but as soon as I saw it, I felt relieved that this was "D.C. Embre."  

It was right after we had just set up dinner with our boss and guests who welcomed us. Rejecting their favor to have dinner together with a nice smile, E unni and I went to a separate restaurant. I didn't want to be a sudden uninvited guest.  

Traces of celebrating "Dia de Muerto" a week ago remained throughout the streets. Smaller skeletons and golden flower petals that spice up the small space between stores. An hour's night walk was enough. That Wahakka is beautiful. Wahaka is an easy city to fall in love with. I'm no exception. But until then, one of the reasons I fell in love with Wahakka was never expected to be D.C. Embre.  

a city in which the word "daily life" melts.  

The sunny spring weather, the incredibly delicious handmade cheese, the handmade chocolate latte that used to be made with milk every day, the slightly tough charcoal and grilled peppers that sat in the narrow corner of the market, the library that looked like a botanical garden, the cute post office museum, the carrot cake-flavored cafe, the couple who were taking pictures of their wedding photos in front of it, the children who were constantly playing in the park and the street, and the park.Dunne Street  

There is no such thing as grand memories. I didn't see any great tourist attractions or jaw-dropping scenery. I didn't meet anyone who was memorable or had an unusual experience. The days in Wahakka were more fitting times for the word "everyday life" than anywhere else. There was no daily routine that came so full and filled with happiness.  

No, it was really special. It was a rare and precious shining moment that will never happen again in my life. I knew even when I was a character in the background that every day was a perfect day. Even when I was looking out the window blankly and listening to the song, I felt a sense of stability. Even if there was no answer to what to do tomorrow, another day continued without much stimulation. I didn't even think of the future, and I wasn't lonely when I was alone.  

The speciality of DC Embre, after all,  

In retrospect, it was a special experience because of the DC Embre in Wahakka. The first D.C. Embre didn't pass by a good accommodation. A day or two and a week later, I found out that DC Embre was a place where Se-kyung and Hye-yoon, who were presidents, completely melted. I hoped that the travelers who visited "Wahahaha" would have a great time and eat delicious food. I prepared a soft pillow and a clean blanket for a comfortable sleep and dried them in the sun. He constantly thought about how to install canopy on the rooftop and how to create a good space.  

My sister made red pepper paste for the guests. He developed a different menu every day and showed a face full of joy when he said it was delicious. My sister was that kind of person. A sensible and considerate person who prepares a panini early in the morning and puts a cute memo between the dolls saying "Enjoy your meal." My brother gave me a map every day to see if I'm tired of new guests and introduced good places to go, delicious restaurants, cafes, and bars. He never got tired of repeated conversations and always used the same tone and intonation.  

Se-kyung was the funniest person in the world and had the charm of disarming people. I had never asked questions that would only make me uncomfortable and approach the distance that was not burdensome. The time we were together kept laughing. Hye-yoon was a shy but lovely and affectionate person who became friends with her. The longer I saw it, the more I felt it. My sister and brother had never degenerated guests into objects. I really wanted to approach and give more to one individual.  

In DC Embre, every guest ate dinner together every day. Even though people gathered once every three to four days, the atmosphere was consistent. Warm, humorous, open to everyone, and full of human odors there made me feel like we were hugging each other. Every night I couldn't even drink and never caught anyone, but I stayed in my seat the longest. Strangely, it was easy and enjoyable to bring up a deeper and more heart-to-heart talk with people I got to know through DMB.  

Even though my trip that day was not good, I was waiting for my side to complain in the evening in Wahakka, even if I had a little upsetting problem. Thanks to D.C. Embre, who is a strong spiritual supporter like a child with a stable attachment, I was able to explore the unfamiliar world more actively and treat strangers more comfortably. There was a place to come back if I was tired and tired. I had no choice but to open my heart.  

We were travelers and we had a lot of time apart from living, so we might have been very happy in that space. But during my year-long trip, I didn't come back to places like DC Embre. There was a place with more advantages as accommodation, a more beautiful and hip interior, but I still couldn't find such a magical space where the travel experience changed and the relationship widened under the magic of space.  

I don't know all the history of the magical DMB and I don't know a tenth of the effort my sister and brother made. What I know is that since it was created by such an older sister and brother, the truth is naturally conveyed to everyone, so everyone who had a DMB at that time and who stayed at DMB would have loved it.  

If I had been with DMB in my daily life now, I would have laughed a little more, opened up a little more, and felt a little less sad.  

Being good at chicks and greasy sounds, I expressed my feelings to some extent then. How much you love and appreciate DMB. How happy I was but that's not enough. I miss and love DC Embre, which made me feel the power of a mysterious and charming space that made me feel warm and happy.  

Every time I think of DMB, I think about it. A great space has the power to fill someone's life. Space is not just space. I hope there will be more DMB around us, and someday I can create such a great space, too.  

P.S. sister and brother cleaned up the DMB and now run a taco house called 'Las Tortas' on Jeju Island. My sister and brother remained the same, and my mind to feed the guests delicious food remained the same. Oh, my brother's sense of humor and my sister's warm voice. If the taco house had been in Seoul, I would have visited it once a week, but I'm sorry I couldn't go there more often. My older sister and brother will do well whatever they do. They're so cool.  

