---
title: Corona, England, Daily Life
subtitle : Story#202009060904
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - England
 - Daily Life
date : 2020-09-06T00:04:05+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1585816805333-0651801e4ebf?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Britain has been under blockade since March 23. Since it is already being implemented in other European regions and the situation is getting serious, I hoped it would be done sooner than later even at the expense of future inconvenience.  

- Exercise once a day for exercise purposes only  

- Keep more than 2 meters away from non-family members.  

- Going out only for the purpose of purchasing daily necessities  

- Cancel the graduation exam after the school was closed  

- Protect employees with a home-based work system  

Such measures are required. To monitor this, the police stop passing vehicles as if they were cracking down on drunk driving and check the purpose of the driver's outing. Except for taking a walk in the neighborhood once a day, all my family members had no chance to witness such a scene in person.  

The daily lives of families that have been sealed off by containment measures.  

an adult who doesn't go to work  

Having worked as a freelancer, I am certain that the number of requests for translation has decreased as the Korona era began, but nothing has changed. Working at home in comfortable clothes, sitting at a comfortable place at a comfortable time has changed the way the whole family sits at a table at a set time, and there are more things to take care of for the family.  

On his way to work at the office, he has worked at home about once or twice a month, and for the safety of his employees, his husband is also working at home as the company changes its policy to telecommuting. I appreciate this.  

Unlike my family, however, it is a time when I feel more sorry, worried and grateful for many people who cannot work from home, namely, who have to work hard on the Corona front.  

a child who doesn't go to school  

Although there have already been signs of starting before, it is questionable how much British schools were able to prepare for a sudden suspension of schools on an unprecedented scale that may end at any time. In particular, with the cancellation of each school's graduation exam, which begins every May, the British education community is seriously concerned about how to replace the grades required to go to higher schools.  

Students who are not in the graduating class continue their classes without going to school online. The Google Classroom, which has been used to manage homework at his son's school for more than two years, is playing a big role during the closure of the school. Usually, when a teacher gives homework, a student who is notified by e-mail performs homework in the system. As schools are closed, teachers send the contents and assignments to study on the same day according to the usual class schedule.  

a different way of exercise  

My son takes physical education classes at school, couple goes to the gym, and family walks after meals are the usual way of exercise for our family. Now that access to schools and fitness centers is unavailable, all family members take a walk in the neighborhood after lunch and do indoor exercise in the evening.  

Although it is a precarious space for a family of more than 170 centimeters to stand side by side and shake their limbs, it has the advantage of having more to laugh together. The amount of exercise increased more than usual as they competed against each other.  

food of the Corona period  

Kimchi Modified in the Great Recession of Food Ingredients  

The radishes and cabbages purchased at a small vegetable store in the city are given up, and kimchi is made with cabbages and onions, carrots and celery delivered from the mart. This is how you use it when you can't get the ingredients for kimchi.  

Celery is an unexpected kimchi ingredient recently found. Her husband, who hated the unique scent, tasted celery kimchi and the smell disappeared, leaving only the texture of the radish. However, when I was in the army, I thought of cabbage kimchi and insisted that I didn't want to eat it, so cabbage needed a process of persuasion. It is no longer a matter of dispute.  

Koreans like rice?  

It was hard to order rice, too. I've been holding out with the pre-purchased ones, but I'm planning to cook rice only with brown rice and barley, which I used to mix with rice, or eat cuscus. If the rice is not enough, substitute the rice for the Cuscus, which is cooked quickly like instant rice. The son is familiar enough to mix soybean paste with the cuscus.  

precious raw meat and eggs  

Raw meat and eggs are also hard to get. They are forced to cook alternative dishes with frozen chicken, canned meat, and canned fish. Fortunately, raw meat and eggs were supplied from the second week.  

Due to a lack of food ingredients, one must continue to live on a hastily prepared diet. I'm afraid I'll hate chicken and canned food before long.  

- Chicken curry  

- Chicken Jjajang  

- Chicken meat biriani  

- Chicken Soup Fahita  

- Baek-sook Vietnamese spring rolls  

- Braised Spicy Chicken with Rice  

- Spam Chili Corn Carne  

- Spam Jambala  

- Spam Rice Covered Spam  

- Mackerel bibimbap  

- Mackerel ssambap  

- Rice topped with tuna  

- Tuna Bibimguksu  

Thanks to my unusual cooking philosophy, my family, which has endured eating food with unclear nationality and strong experimental spirit, is also adjusting to the diet that has become more unfamiliar with the food crisis. The restaurant is closed and the supply of food ingredients is not smooth, so we have no choice but to eat as much as it is served on the table.  

I hope this nightmare will end quickly, travel freely, and meet friends, and everyone will return to their daily lives in good health.  

