---
title : I'm a Artist Multi-Contest, Start of School, Everyday, Magic
subtitle : Story#202010051720
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - I'm a Artist Multi-Contest
 - Start of School
 - Everyday
 - Magic
date : 2020-10-05T17:20:20+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1581578404991-245ebf59c917?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
It's a windy morning. Last weekend, I cleaned up my winter clothes that I had been procrastinating, but the winter breeze blows again. I would have waited another week. He complained slightly and took out his winter coat. Ironically, the sky is so pretty...  

I am late today. I've been recording lateness all week. If you are diligent for 5 minutes or 10 minutes, there will be no problem.. literally without a pull-up  

'tardy'  

There are countless reasons. The most burdensome, though, is the preparation for breakfast, lunch, and online classes for a child who will be at home alone. If I get used to it a little, I think I can pass the preparation for class. As soon as you get up, press the button on the buryaburya rice cooker, wash it, and prepare to go to work. And the espresso that the husband can't give up is served with a moka pot without knowing the aroma of coffee. After that, bring a side dish to be served on the breakfast table. Similar side dishes for a few days... I'm sorry, but this is also the best... And lunch is prepared. The menu is always there.. But anyway...  

After completing these missions, start the engine, start to work, and watch the clock. 'You're late again. I want to run to pull the time even a little bit, but I have very, very'honest' drivers today to protect me. Will you speed, violate the signal, or have an accident? I ended up thinking about whether I should be grateful to the very, very honest drivers, or whether I should be a little grumpy.  

I took my breath away and sat down. I think about what the postponement of school opening and the online school opening has given me. This unprecedented situation has confined us all in the house and in our hearts. Under the title of'Social Distance', he planted the idea of'It's dangerous outside the house'.  

And  

The school is closed.  

Children who need to go to school are sitting in front of their home computers and taking classes. In a way, you are already experiencing the ideal future school. However, it is too real for me. Yesterday I suddenly read an article titled'Online Start = Mom's Start of School' in an Internet article. Reading through the child's textbook and confirming the homework is a task that was left alone for the mother. It's no different to me either.  

The child talks after work yesterday. 'Mom, there is a science class where you write experimental observations, but if you write them without experimenting, it's a lie. So I waited for my mom to come.' In fact, you may have had a desire to use it quickly. But anyway, I turned on my child and the computer again and packed my lab supplies. I didn't have a filter paper, so fortunately, I cut off the white coffee filter I had at home and prepared it. The other things were done by the child, the experiment plans and the results were written out, and I just watched. I was very impressed by the appearance and felt that the teachers had taught me well. After that, I was waiting for another ‘art assignment’. "You can do it alone, right?" He said, "I still want to do it when my mother is there." It seems like I was relieved just by having my schoolmates and teachers next to me, so I guess I didn't want to do it at home all day alone. After completing these two homework, it was 12 o'clock at night. A long long day is over.  

Think refreshingly about how important school and lunch meals were, and how comforting teachers and friends were to the child. It is so natural that I miss the daily routine that I didn't know I was grateful for.  

Kindergarten has been given the title of'deferring school opening indefinitely' rather than opening online school. Support activities at home online until the beginning of school. They provide feedback on 2 or 3 activities every day, and greet children and parents by writing or by phone. I am becoming an addict rather than an addict by searching the Internet and YouTube for information on activities. Whenever I go to work every morning and turn on my computer, the first thing I do is open Kids Note and write a text that begins with'Hello'. I am writing to my children, thinking about the excitement of receiving a text message from my husband every morning before marriage, taking out the scenery I saw on the way to work in the morning and the memories of happiness. It is difficult to write down those few lines. This work, which has been repeated for weeks, is by no means easy these days. This reality that we have never encountered is sad, sad, and desperate, and I want to give you hope "in spite of that." It hurts to think that children who don't even know Corona's “nose” are enduring this difficulty. So, I try to choose pleasant words, beautiful words, and happy words. Good days are a little longer, difficult days are finished with just a few lines.  

When will we be able to magically return to that natural routine that we didn't know was precious? I really didn't know until now that my daily life was “magic”. When will the playground be able to overflow with the sound of laughter and run of children, and with the cry of teachers,'Be careful'? If that routine begins, and if I face the playground again, I may cry in tears without my knowledge. If so, I'm just going to cry with joy. Because I am saving the preciousness that I didn't know the importance of....  

Seeing the wild flowers doing their job as if nothing is happening on the other side of the playground, it is a pity that the unstoppable spring has come and is passing by no matter how much you try to stop it.  

The preciousness of everyday life that I didn't know of course  

The postponement of school opening and the opening of school online made me realize the importance and gratitude of everyday life that I did not know I was grateful for. What else will you know in the future?