---
title : Travel, Daily, PD
subtitle : Story#202010051811
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Travel
 - Daily
 - PD
date : 2020-10-05T18:11:39+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1523225918988-00624e6d8fee?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
"Discovering a new one out of familiar"  

1 Night 2 Days, Series Over Flowers, New West Yugi, Three Meals, Good Job, Yun Sikdang. All programs led by PD Na Young-seok seem to have these things. One new thing found in familiarity. Although I didn't necessarily think that I should be the same PD as PD Na Young-seok, I feel that the words are similar to my ideal. New things found in our familiar daily life. So, the joys of everyday life. Maybe I want to talk more about the joy.  

Travel is the surest way to get out of your daily life. Taking a plane, a boat, or a train heading farther away from where I was is enough to create a thrill. The streets I used to go to, the cafeteria in front of the school, and the bar in the noisy downtown area. There is no such familiarity anymore, and new buildings, people, and events seem to be waiting for me. Moreover, when I watch today's sunset set, I wait for the new morning sun, hoping to see what events will be filled with tomorrow in my travel destinations. The trip is so full of excitement.  

But the continuation of the trip is another routine. During our travels, we routinely find our favorite coffee, reach out for bread, and go to places we've always been looking forward to taking pictures. I dream of deviating from the trip, but paradoxically, the continuation of the trip becomes a journey that satisfies the expectations of everyday life, and the journey creates another familiarity. A new familiarity emerges from a trip that breaks from familiarity. It can be said that the sunset of the trip sets and the sun of everyday life that we will return to rises.  

I came back to my daily routine. Strangely, the aftertaste of travel still remains, and the cross-section of travel is confirmed from the passing of my daily life. Things that I thought were only familiar with my daily life changed into something new through a few trips. Perhaps this process doesn't necessarily require a trip. The biggest difference we change before going on a trip and after going on a trip is probably the difference between the perception and gaze that we have seen something or experienced something. Then, even if there are no events such as travel, would we only need to change our gaze? If that was the case, wouldn't it be possible to discover newness in the midst of familiarity and enrich the day.  

To convey the novelty of the stories that take place in our daily lives. It is not enough to say that that is why I want to become a PD. Of course, there are more reasons for wanting to become a PD, and as the years go by, there will be wonderful sentences to organize these still vague feelings and thoughts. Nevertheless, the fact that I want to retell everyday stories will not change. To tell the narratives of people who resemble me and to receive sympathy and comfort. Seeing people who thought they were different from me, I could feel that they were similar to me. Maybe becoming a PD is a job that can comfortably give people such a change of perspective. People who can simply forget, show a moment of passing and talk, and say that there is always the joy that we have left for a while. Maybe that's the PDs. And am I not dreaming of becoming that kind of person?