---
title : Daily life, time, thought
subtitle : Story#202010051831
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - time
 - thought
date : 2020-10-05T18:31:02+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1525438935289-08138791db2b?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
These days, people are realizing the importance of daily life due to coronavirus. My daily life had completely collapsed for about two years before, because of my personal affairs. Therefore, my thoughts on daily life did not change much from the past. Although my daily life has changed.  

The circumstances of having to be at home for unemployed graduates made time easier. However, the problem was that I was a person who had been chased by a minute and a second until graduation from college a month ago. When I was rolling without knowing what my daily life was, and not long after I realized the importance of my daily life, suddenly the guy called time overflowed into my daily life.  

At one time, it was so scary. I was scared even to go outside the house.  

Having no affiliation meant that all time and achievements depend solely on oneself.  

My time so far has been determined by many different factors. Graduation requirements set a timetable for me to listen to, and the professor and team members set what I had to do in my studio. The academic calendar set my days off and the days to study, and for the exam, I decided to go to the library and study to go.  

But the moment I stepped out of the door after graduating, I thought that the distribution and flow of this day's time depended solely on me, and I was sweaty. What I was carrying wasn't a bag, but a burden and tension from unfamiliarity. What was in the bag was not a pouch and a laptop, but my wandering where things to do were not decided.  

They say that they don't have to do anything, but there are times when people have to take care of themselves. The more times this happens, the more you feel helpless. What am I doing? What to do. Someone please teach me. This anxiety made me open my eyes at 6 in the morning. I no longer have morning exams to do early in the morning.  

So, I made breakfast carefully.  

My morning always passed like ramen. Therefore, breakfast was only about giving the minimum amount of sugar for the head to turn. Like a scene in a Japanese manga, there was a time running with a bag and running around with a frozen bread in his mouth. However, an unemployed day is long. Even the day I started early in the morning is longer. I decided to turn the romantic morning into my daily life.  

Before I wake up in the morning and get hungry, I write the text I wanted to write, not the table I had to memorize. If you are tired, then lie down again. He flips the curtain for no reason and greets him with ‘Hello world!’ And think about what to do today. I have always been busy organizing the schedule the previous day, and now I am relaxing on that day. Of course, when I do something I don't want to do, I frown a lot. What can I do though? It's something to do. I have to do it. That's all I can do, and this is my daily life. And this has repeatedly become my daily power. Although there is no harvest yet.  

Living with my mother and father at home, it becomes difficult if they talk about money or sometimes appeal to me. Because I have nothing.  

In connection with it, my daily life is helpless. But ironically, saving me from this sense of helplessness is also the power of my daily life. I took a walk, organized my schedule, wrote and drew pictures. I also looked for announcements and applied for a few.  

Now what else do you make your daily life? Should I subtract or add more? It hurts my head because time only depends on me. The result depends on everything except me. However, one day, the daily power that has been living my day by soothing me like this will exert its power. Maybe even now. I just don't know.  

Me and my daily life did my best.