---
title : Daily life, goodbye, question
subtitle : Story#202010051752
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - goodbye
 - question
date : 2020-10-05T17:52:33+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1580728522299-2d3005ba846a?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
As if there was no reason to live  

Routine repetition  

suddenly  

You ask "why".  

In everyday life  

One and two differences are filled.  

To that useless question  

Life.  

The irony of becoming useful  

Why?  

A phrase that I and my son Naemi used frequently until the lower grades of elementary school. These days, the words I often throw on things I encounter in my daily life while writing. These are words that you often hear and use often in everyday life.  

The exact meaning of this word is unknown to the point where the word frequent is colorless. When I searched my memory, I never found the exact meaning. In fact, I didn't have to look it up. I have experiences that I have encountered so often in everyday life about the use of this word.  

If you think about it, the phrase "why?" was no different from a ban.  

I am suddenly curious about the exact meaning. When I looked up the meaning in the Naver Korean Dictionary, it was'for what reason','why', and'words used when asking for confirmation of certain facts'.  

The meaning of the words I used by guessing through many experiences is nothing more or less than I thought. It's just as much. There is hardly any difference between the dictionary definition and its use in real life and in conversational scenes.  

It is a daily routine that does not require the question of 'why?' There is no need for the word 'why?' in everyday life. The answer of 'yes' is more preferred than 'why?' In my daily life at least not long ago.  

I published a collection of poetry by chance a few months ago, and nowadays, while preparing to publish my second collection of poetry, the word'why' began to occupy a large part of my daily life unlike before.  

As a metaphorical writer asked 'why' as mentioned in [The Front Line of Writing] and asked to make 'feeling' write, he asks 'why'. The daily life that I always encountered. Take a step back and ask and ask 'Why?', 'Here', and 'Now'.  

These days, I face things and the world with my keen gaze. Thoughts, emotions, and thoughts come and go in no order, sometimes silence also flows. From time to time, the things, the world, come to me.  

Your daily life, your life, your life's attitude changes little by little when you ask questions that seem useless. A life that was trivial comes to a meaningful life. 'Why' I am experiencing the irony of making life useless to that useless question.