---
title : Daily life, corona, record
subtitle : Story#202010051757
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - corona
 - record
date : 2020-10-05T17:57:50+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1584263345983-e8a1fcd129fb?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
As soon as I saw the article, these words burst out like sighs, maybe like earnest prayers.  

“Please return your lost routine!”  

This time, which I thought would end in a week or two, is already a second month between this week and it will be okay. In the meantime, a crack broke out, vainly disappeared, or stopped in a valuable routine that I didn't know that I was a regular person or enjoyed or enjoyed.  

When you see a person who doesn't wear a mask on the subway, you are amazed. (Almost none these days) On my way to work, seeing that there are only grandmothers and grandparents who I rarely see in my neighborhood in the long line in front of the pharmacy makes me think a lot and hurt my heart.  

The singer's concert, which he had booked for too much because he wanted to go so much, was canceled without a promise, and his trip to Busan, which he tried to go in time with the end of his friend's project, was also canceled. Family gatherings that were planned for the birth of aunt and dad were also canceled as the number of confirmed cases increased throughout the country where relatives lived.  

These events are not the only events that can be canceled without a contract. It's been more than a month since I couldn't go to the Pilates class and the gym, and the ambitious weekend reading meeting was also postponed. In the company, all face-to-face meetings and events have been postponed, which is unintentionally unintentional but is having an uncomfortable time.  

I read that article at the moment I thought it would be nice if this time was over soon. Oh, spring is coming. It was unbelievable that even the most ordinary daily life of walking while looking at flowers could not be permitted. I temporarily thought of hearing the'cherry blossom ending' in the fear of infection while wearing a mask.  

Like these days, there have been times when people often say "the day is coming"? The day is coming to buy a mask. The day is coming to work from home in my life. There is a day when there are no people on the subway. Same as saying that there is no country where you can go to your company to encourage vacation. Since these days have come, there is no other way to save my daily life, hoping that it will pass, but I decided to keep a good record of my daily life of surprises and lamentations.  

Humans are animals of oblivion, but this is because they don't remember well when they have the swine flu or mess. There will be a difference in degree, but it must have been a daily crack or something lost at that time. That time has passed like that. Had you well recorded the importance of everyday life that you felt at that time, would your attitude toward the ordinary everyday that you find back a little different?  

In that sense, I decided to record my daily life as it was, as it was lost little by little. When you get back to your daily life, take out the record so that you can live with a heart of appreciation on ordinary days. The cherry blossom festival was canceled, but I was waiting for a healthy spring, a festival every day.