---
title : I-Artists Multi-Contest, Germany, Mask, Corona
subtitle : Story#202010051836
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - I-Artists Multi-Contest
 - Germany
 - Mask
 - Corona
date : 2020-10-05T18:36:14+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1559728123-762875468753?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
These days, the newly emerged rules of life are being accepted as daily routines. Because I wasn't a habit, I often forget the mask and come back home to pick up the mask only yesterday, but now it's okay if I don't have a mask before going out. Even after the lockdown period, when all stores closed their doors even when they went outside, the lockdown period was over, and Germany, where no one was wearing a mask, was finally grateful for the fact that they were wearing a mask, and they returned to Burg a little bit by bit. There, as usual, I am living a small daily life. It was a story five months ago when people wore masks outside, and it was a story five months ago, and now it is surprisingly surprising to see a person who does not wear a mask indoors. do. Too many things have been as big and small waves in people's minds as much as the surrounding environment has changed, and it still seems to be the same for someone even now. On the same day last Saturday, there was a demonstration in Hamburg to secure a safe distance by wearing a mask while keeping safety rules like a sword, whereas in Berlin, people who opposed the corona regulation threw off their masks and went out into the streets.  

However, not all of Hamburg adhere to the rules well. Like Hongdae and Gangnam in Korea, the streets of'Schanze','St.Pauli', and'Altona' are full of clubs and pubs full of young people on weekends. The news that everyone is free to drink alcohol and walk around as if not received has come up. As the corona regulation gradually eased, the club was able to open the door again, but it was still not allowed to dance, and it is said that the clubs are selling only alcohol with chairs and tables on the stage to live and eat. However, not only do they dance, but people on busy roads like the streets of Myeongdong, throwing off masks, still forget the reality and are not stopping to enjoy themselves in their own world.  

Of course, there is no exception. However, as the police did not respond strongly to the situation on the street at the beginning of the corona regulation, people were even more relaxed. Just yesterday, I sang a DJ on the street, and 300 people gathered to dance and play. Then, around 11 o'clock, the police caught me and disbanded. However, because the initial response was poor, it is now too late to be violently monitored again and to pay a fine. So the city came up with a plan to prevent the shops on the street from selling alcohol after 8 pm. Anyone who was quick to notice would have noticed it right away, but this policy had many loopholes. A little laughable policy came out that couldn't restrict you from buying alcohol before 8 o'clock or buying a lot of alcohol from another neighborhood. I wonder how Hamburg will solve this problem in the future.  

Of course, there is no exception. However, as the police did not respond strongly to the situation on the street at the beginning of the corona regulation, people were even more relaxed. Just yesterday, I sang a DJ on the street, and 300 people gathered to dance and play. Then, around 11 o'clock, the police caught me and disbanded. However, because the initial response was poor, it is now too late to be violently monitored again and to pay a fine. So the city came up with a plan to prevent the shops on the street from selling alcohol after 8 pm. Anyone who was quick to notice would have noticed it right away, but this policy had many loopholes. A little laughable policy came out that couldn't restrict you from buying alcohol before 8 o'clock or buying a lot of alcohol from another neighborhood. I wonder how Hamburg will solve this problem in the future.  

There are still many more things I want to say, but today I am going to write them down.  

He desperately hopes that the appearances recorded today are not normal, and the real moments of daily life come back as soon as possible.  
