---
title : Travel, everyday, essay
subtitle : Story#202010051805
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Travel
 - everyday
 - essay
date : 2020-10-05T18:05:44+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1503220317375-aaad61436b1b?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Traveling from work or living in an unfamiliar city for a month have become keywords that hit the travel industry. The kind of adventures that throw everything away, and the travels whose goal is to get as far as possible from everyday life, are captivating.  

Such a trip requires a great deal of courage and determination from the beginning, and the main reason is that I am afraid of the situations I will face after returning from the end of the trip. The period of picking up the daily life thrown by oneself and adjusting to the reality left behind while traveling is a painful and painful process for everyone. A lot of people feel frustrated when they come back from their travels and face what needs to be done again with a running out of balance.  

I've been on two one-month trips last year, three or four short trips between three days and two weeks. After returning, there was always something to do, so quickly adapting was the key, but it gave me an opportunity to think about how to get out of my dreams of an extraordinary trip and feel less pain every day in my daily life.  

### Sticking to your daily routine  

If you throw away the routines that you have kept on a daily basis that travel is far away from me, when you return, you have to try to get them back, which is a factor that worsens the aftereffects of the trip. Because of this, it is helpful to be careful not to be completely different from your daily me. However, when I go on a trip, the environment in which I live changes, so I need to make an effort to continue the old habits that have made me now.  

For example: If you have a habit of running through the park every day, find a good track around your accommodation. If you're reading while drinking tea at the end of the day, bring your usual tea and books to read. If you're eating bread and cereal for breakfast, buy it in advance at a local mart and stock it up. If you're swimming at dawn once a week, know the nearest swimming pool, hours of operation, and costs.  

Of course, it is not easy to repeat the same routine as before traveling in a completely different city. If you go to a yoga academy after work every evening, but you can't do that in your travel destination, it's best to practice simple movements at least by watching a video before going to bed every night to avoid losing your senses.  

### Don't put off what you can do  

Everyone has a feeling of not wanting to suffer from the things that have been left behind where they have left. Among acquaintances, there is someone who cuts off contact with everyone every time they go on a trip and spends completely free time disconnecting all social media. For most people, this disconnection is also a recommended behavior to save the taste of travel.  

However, if you don't want to come home and deal with the pile of things in pain, it's better to take care of the trivial things right away to reduce the aftereffects. Even more so if it can be solved in 5-10 minutes a day. For example, paying utility bills, which can be done with a smartphone, or replying to an e-mail that can be replied in a line or two.  

If you have a big plan or a project that requires a lot of time, you can postpone it for a short trip, but if you put off everything you can do without breaking the excitement of the trip, you will have to do something that could have been resolved in a few minutes. Will be born. If you want to return to your daily routine without any aftereffects after the trip is over, quickly get rid of the annoying little things.  

### Write a household account book for travel expenses  

The aftereffects of travel begin the moment when you compare the exciting and happy times at your travel destination with the irritating and boring daily life after returning. In that case, you need a household account book for travel expenses. Whenever your daily life feels so painful because of your happy memories, you can open your household account book.  

What does travel aftereffects have to do with household accountancy? 'I was really happy in Nice. When I think that I miss the gravel beach that I can see when I open the window every morning,” if you look back at the household account book at the time, there will be a record of “room cost of 380,000 won”. Then you know exactly why I was happy. I was able to have such a memory because I stayed in an inn with a terrace overlooking the sea.  

Isn't it too monetary thinking to convert precious memories of travel into money? However, this habit is necessary not only to vaguely recall and miss the memories of the trip, but also to awaken a realistic sense of how much consumption and preparation are necessary to experience such an experience again.   

After all, all the stories are just saying don't miss out on the everyday. If you're going to be so obsessed with everyday life, why should you go on a trip? This is because everyone has a daily life to go back to unless they live a lifetime of travel, and travel is a great way to make their daily life more enriching. Daily life is as easy to break as it is precious. If you want to travel a little longer, and if you want to leave lightly and come back, you need a mindset not to neglect your daily life.  