---
title : Cooking, home meal, essay
subtitle : Story#202010051735
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Cooking
 - home meal
 - essay
date : 2020-10-05T17:35:38+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1594959866690-38ef108d2892?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
A table made with potatoes and beans harvested from the garden.  

In previous years, it was too hot because there was no air conditioner, so I ate roughly, but this year I am eating like this due to the long rainy season.  

The rain damage is so severe nationwide, so I am grateful and cherish this everyday life.  

There was no business in the long rain, and the garden was full of grass and the fruit and vegetables were not used.  

Not long ago, I went out to the field even when it was raining to harvest corn, but my husband, who is in a hurry and roughly fast, took over the harvest and was able to harvest very quickly.  

I'm on the slow and relaxed side, so if I go alone, I go to do a couple of times, and if my husband goes, I can finish it in a day.  

It was raining and I couldn't take a picture of the garden because I was working in a hurry...  

Peppers are very susceptible to moisture, but fortunately, they have not yet caught the plague. Of course, I expected everyone to get sick, but it was surprising that I was holding on well.  

However, since it rained so long that there is no time to dry the ground, pepper farming this year is probably not going well.  

At the end of July, carrots and a special crop were sown, but it seems that it is wrong to germinate properly.  

If it rains gently, there is no more help in germination, but when a heavy rain falls like this, all the seeds sown on the surface of the soil are washed away.  

It is for me who farm, but for many other people, I hope it stops raining much anymore.  

Studying started late this week ends the 3 month course.  

I realized that I was very far behind among young people, and I was frustrated and frustrated, so I thought about taking a break after the course, but I decided to enroll in the fall semester as well.  

Since I know that the earliest time when I think it's late, and that this is the youngest moment in my life, I'm trying to do a little more without being wasted.  

Today's dining table is my favorite chopstick stew, my daughter's favorite tofu pancake, sweet potato soup, bean sprouts, chives, cabbage gotjeoli, and bean rice.  

The family gave me freshly cooked rice, and I ate porridge after sprinkling some sesame oil on cold rice and pouring water.  

Cold rice Porridge is good because it is easy to process, eat, and digest well.  

I like boiled fish, especially early stew, so I can eat a few of them by myself.  

Put the radish in a pot, boil it with a little broth and seasoning, and when the radish is a little soft, top with potatoes and chopsticks, sprinkle the seasoning evenly, and cook with the lid open.  

The seasoning is made with red pepper paste, red pepper powder, brewed soy sauce, sugar, lots of minced garlic, plum green, a little ginger powder, and a little Korean pepper powder.  

If you don't have plum green, add a drop or two of vinegar.  

If the vinegar ingredient is added to the boiled fish a little, it boils and the odor goes away with it, and the fish meat is less fragile.  

After cooking like this, at the end, sprinkle with cheongyang pepper, green onion, onion, etc. as you like.  

The color of the vegetables is alive and it is cooked lightly enough to have a crispy texture.  

If you want to do it a little faster, slice the radish thinly and boil it together from the beginning.  

It's delicious even if you put bracken or siraegi here.  

In a few days, my mother-in-law will come up after a long time.  

This is my first visit after visiting at the beginning of the year.  

It's been so long since they lived far apart from each other, and my mother is so used to being alone, so no matter how well she tries to do it, she wants to go home sooner than staying in my house for a long time.  

So even if you stay for a long time, you go to sleep for 2-3 days, and sometimes you feel sad, but on the other hand, you feel relieved.  

For a few years after getting married, we always cried at each other when we went home and then came home, or when my mother went home.  

When I met and turned around, I felt bad for a few days.  

But at some point, neither my mother nor I cried, but they broke up in a light way.  

If my mother was very lonely and struggling, my heart would have been very bad, but fortunately...  

After this rain stops, my mother goes, my father's rites are held, and the children's school opening ceremony, this summer will be gone.  

This year seems to be an unforgettable year in many ways.