---
title : Thorns, essays, everyday
subtitle : Story#202010051905
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Thorns
 - essays
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-05T19:05:16+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1530071100468-90954e4921d0?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
## 1  

Book reviews for The Notion that Ends with One Volume are coming up one after another. The blog neighbor 'Seonwoo Kim' posted a book review, but he did not know where to put his body because he said excessive words. I'm not a very famous person yet... Thanks, undeserved, and embarrassed came at the same time.  

Seok-Hyun Lee is actually more famous for his blog'Late Night Study of Engineering Students'. Actually, I didn't know before I bought this book, but they were my blog neighbors. :) Also, when I blog, I think my nickname is more memorable than my real name. He is the one who proves that even the most ordinary person can write, become a writer, and have a positive impact on many people. It is also recommended to visit the blog once.  

Bookstay in Olbaum  

## 2  

The 11th period of the poetry transcription meeting ended. It was a warmer winter than ever, but the chat room was a warmer season itself. I got a lot of power from positive people. The meeting was created by myself, but still owned by the participants. I keep asking questions as to what meaning to look for. Because the answer is you will find.  

## 3  

On the 108th, the writing phase-2 was over, and a break was reached. Those who have completed the mission, those who are still challenging, will have circumstances and meaning to everyone. Results are not important. What meaning and reward will be found in the process, will it not be more important? We send you support.  

## 4  

I am still not stopping writing. Stopping will mean disconnecting from the world. I'm tearing down the barrier I've built myself. By breaking down, overthrowing, dismantling, and completely abandoning me, I transform myself into a person who stands out from the front rather than a stand behind the stage.  

## 5  

I was sharp and pointed like a thorn. Thorns surround my life. I had to face the future safely and safely, so I prevented anyone from invading my territory. In other words, I decided to be isolated from the world by erecting thorns. I am not a patient, so why did I try to be far from the world? Was it a habit or was it an outgrowth of weakness?  

People who wear thorns all over the body are sensitive to wounds. Even with a small rub, she trembles. The wound is originally painful and sometimes bleeds, but it is normal to feel pain when a wound is injured, but it was impossible to see any of the processes. From one day, the thorns began to operate. The thorns sprouted out like a sprout, but expanded the range to be firmly like a root. Every time I thought of more complete protection, the thorns grew.  

It's a memory of very young, that is, when I was less than 10 years old. It must have been around the end of winter. We selected some of the neighborhood children with an adventurous spirit and set out on a journey. The one-gat house was near Donggureung, but he had the intention of going over a mountain to the tomb without fear. Geomamsan, which was expected to be low and flat, was only high and long. We were still small, so if we conquered one of the big mountains, we expected it would grow a little. Maybe he was more conscious of going beyond a certain boundary than discovering Donggureung.  

Luckily, I was able to reach the east hill over the mountain. The historical fact of which king of Joseon was buried was not very important. It was all that I was overpowered for a while by the dignity that seemed to be several dozen times higher than my height. He wandered for a while in the royal tomb, but his memory was easily forgotten. I had to turn home. With the thought that if you recover as much as you have walked, that is all.  

As always in the winter mountains, the night fell easily. The place that used to be the road suddenly transformed itself as if it was not a road. I laid down my mind that if I went down from the top, the house would come out, but my worries were not relieved. As I went down, I got further away from my house, and only an unknown valley continued. I stuttered, stuttered and slipped several times. It kept sliding down and down, but the way home went further. At some point, even the familiar road disappeared. I was scared, hungry, and above all, the fear of not being able to return home felt colder. Because we were only 10 years old.  

The thornbush appeared around the time when darkness surrounded the son-in-law. The thorns were protruding sharply, so every time we passed by, we scratched our clothes and sometimes pricked our fingers. Scratched on his hand, sometimes suffered a trial of being separated from the thorny body. Whenever I pulled out a thorn from the back of my hand or palm, my voice contained something as sharp as a thorn.  

The enemy of the thorn tree who refuses to allow the territory, my struggle to escape from a certain sphere of influence while struggling while being stabbed by a thorn, that is, both the thorn tree and I have been pouting their lives. Knowing that the thorny procession of thorns will continue before our eyes, and knowing the warning message of thorns, we have not stopped our lives in order not to die from each other.  

Thorns were just a play for us sometimes. When one thorn was completely pulled out, it was attached to the nose, and we wandered around to say that we became rhinos. In other words, we have become scared animals that only rush forward. So, the thorns were only picked and broken everywhere. The thorn, which was infinitely weak, became a rhinoceros or swept away by children like fallen leaves. The thorn, which had no presence, began to take over the view with darkness. As the night went on, the thorns became more dense, and we became an infinite scattering group. Could we have escaped from the thorn? Could it have arrived safely at home?  