---
title : Daily life, corona, fear
subtitle : Story#202010051855
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - corona
 - fear
date : 2020-10-05T18:55:46+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1526137737929-8384868825b8?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I wanted to find my dream in my daily life, but finding my daily life became a dream.    

My daily life has collapsed. The second thing to be admitted to a new school in March is that they haven't yet been to school, and even the oldest child who has reached the new school year has not yet seen the face of the homeroom teacher who was notified online. Even on weekends when the warm spring sun is shining, it is bound to be stuck only in the house. I am not going out at all, but I am refraining from going out. Because now is the time to be patient.  

To say that it was a dream to find my daily life, so I felt bitter. It is these days that I am desperately feeling how precious an ordinary day was. It would be nice if the current abnormal situation ends as soon as possible, and the day comes when the children go to school and feel a warm spring day.  

What if I get coronavirus?  

These days, I sometimes think about it. What should I do if I get a coronavirus? I'm too scared to imagine. I am afraid that it will hurt a lot, and that there will be a big abnormality in my health. It is not possible to know whether it is a fact or fake news, but the conversation in the KakaoTalk room that the obstruction cannot be normal even after being infected with the coronavirus is enough to make you feel a sense of fear. However, that is not the real reason for my fear.  

The real scary thing is because of all kinds of inconvenient situations that occur when you get coronavirus.  

People who will suffer are drawn in their eyes. It is also a problem that contagion may be possible, but the fact that someone has to be difficult for no reason is terrifying. Public officials must understand my movements, and medical staff must struggle for my treatment. The stores I have been to must be closed for more than one day and work on quarantine. Sales are cut off in an already difficult situation. Our family members must also be quarantined, and the wife's company will also be in trouble. It is a situation that I am taking does not end with my own problems. So it feels more terrifying. I'm afraid that many people will be harmed because of me. Behind that, there is also a feeling of fear that he will be accused of all kinds. I'm afraid I'll get pointed by people and that everyone will avoid me and my family.  

It is also a fact that it is scary that you might be mistaken as a member of Shincheonji. It is a very good situation to be misunderstood. At the moment, it is a situation where, first of all, it is questionable whether it is a member of Shincheonji. It seems to be difficult to endure a situation in which a useless misunderstanding is received because it is clearly considered a problematic religion. It is also a situation where I doubt that there will be a Shincheonji person around me...  

I became more sensitive.  

Then I became more sensitive. It is important in many ways to protect me now anyway. So, in case, I would look around more. Sometimes they are accused of seeing people walking around without wearing masks on the street. What the hell do you think you want to go around. The article that there was a dispute while coughing without wearing a mask doesn't feel like someone else's job. I must also be angry...  

I sometimes criticize people around me without my knowledge. At the moment when I heard the story that I was going to go to a PC room and go to the PC room to be inspected because the traffic line with the confirmed case overlapped, I sometimes swear at this moment and why I am going there. The disease called Corona has turned into a situation where people have sharpened their blades.  

On the one hand, there are times when people who are infected with the corona virus feel uncomfortable. Of course, that doesn't mean I would advocate for Shincheonji church members or Zumba instructors. However, it is unfortunate that people who are accidentally infected without knowing they really will get bad attention from their surroundings. It would be difficult to be sick, but the fact that someone has to suffer because of himself, and that the fact that he should be accused of being around him would be quite painful. It is also true that I am worried that the fact that I have been caught with the corona virus will follow like a scarlet letter for a long time. I sometimes worry about the gaze that I will receive from my neighbors and society for a long time.  

Just as the communist ghost wandered around Europe, the Corona ghost wandered the Korean Peninsula. Of course, the ghost that Marx and Engels tried to talk about in the [Communist Declaration] and the ghost of the current Corona are completely different in context, but in any case, there is no similar part to the one that has changed many parts of our society. same.  

I am not sure how to deal with this ghost wisely and how to end it. However, the important thing now is to be careful not to spread the ghost of Corona anymore. I wonder if there is a need for consideration for each other in that. We hope that we have spent social distance and be careful with each other. In that case, it would be necessary not to be too condemned (except for Shincheonji), but to comfort the sick people and wrap them warmly. Maybe that's a way to quickly realize our dream of finding everyday.  

Find out who did well and who was wrong, and then let's!