---
title : Fun
subtitle : Story#202010221241
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Everyday
 - relationships
 - thoughts
date : 2020-10-22T12:41:04+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1559745957-e5f4725dca50?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I started talking with my friend on the subject of “Serious Relationship”. There are people who distinguish between casual dating and serious relationship. Is that right? I don't think it's dichotomy, it's a matter of precedence. There is nothing serious from the beginning. It is only when you discover chemistry in casual and casual encounters and deepen your mind as you learn more about the other person. (It's not that I want to lightly meet anyone, but I'm talking about acquaintances or friends that can become lovers. There are often people who misunderstand. Or I think differently.)  

So is work. How can I get attached from the beginning and be serious? So I think that chemistry exists in work, and as I feel that it is fun, I am gradually falling into it. So I have a lot of trouble these days. In the process of changing jobs, how many interviews can you make a good choice? How do I know it's a place I can enjoy. The interview was so good, but when I finally decided, what if not? In dating, it is relatively free to overturn choices, but why is that more difficult in work? Would it sometimes appear as though there is no responsibility?  

Nevertheless, in the end, I will find fun both in human relationships and in work. That way, I'll be able to seriously pour out my everything. However, you should try to keep politeness.