---
title : Here and now, I love this moment.
subtitle : Story#202010221211
draft : false
tags :
 - Daily life
 - travel
 - escape
date : 2020-10-22T12:11:21+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1504609773096-104ff2c73ba4?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Dear dear, don't cry, don't be sad  

December 29th is the day we are finally leaving for Australia. We arrived at Incheon Airport at sunset. Even at the end of the year, the airport was crowded with people trying to travel. It was a night flight, so I decided to walk a little inside the airport with time. I took the lead, saying, "There is a place I know very well..." But somehow, the road to take the elevator felt so far and unfamiliar.  

I even knew the very little thing about the airport, but it was awkward for me to stumble as if it were my first time. Now that I don't come often and the airport keeps changing, it's natural, but I feel like I've come too far alone.  

It was sad.  

When I visited the town where I lived a long time ago, I felt sad about the old thoughts, but at least not this much. This feeling... it wasn't just because I became a stranger. The moment you realize that you are feeling like a child, having stolen something very precious...  

It was sad.  

Why was it so sad and sad?  

As a child, I really loved the airport. From the time I first arrived at Gimpo Airport to fly at the age of 21, right before I started working as a flight attendant. There were many days when I wanted to go to the airport without recklessly, although it wasn't any day. I liked the dramatic emotion of freedom and excitement, meeting and separation between those who go on a trip and those who return from the trip.  

However, the moment I was working as a flight attendant, the airport became a daily routine and I hated it more and more. I traveled often because I wanted to get out of my daily life, but the airport was still cramped. I used to feel relieved only when I quickly got out of the airport.  

Back then, I was sometimes ashamed of myself in my uniform. When I got off the plane, I was relieved that I had to go to the airport toilet and change into different clothes. To me, uniforms were everyday clothes that I wear more often than any other clothes. And my daily life was not satisfactory. When I hated myself, I was always wearing it.  

But why?  

But why am I so sad and sad when looking at the old uniform left in my mother's closet and looking at the airport that I hated so much?  

"You don't need it?"  

"what?"  

"For someone who complains about your life, the routine you have been given seems too much."  

Did I realize that it was really precious to me, who was stupid, who didn't know how to thank me for my life and for my daily life, only after someone coldly took it away?  

Me who complicates finding an elevator. I can't go to airport restaurants anymore. Of course, the moment I thought it was pitiful to look at me when I read the baggage regulations that I was memorizing,  

At that moment I had to admit.  

The fact that I really loved this workplace that I felt was very painful.  

But that I didn't love me and my life back then.  

And the daily life given to me now, and my life, maybe that I am in love very much, and that I should be aware of it right now and at this moment, not later.  

Today, I take a brief escape from my daily life and take a trip to Australia, but I have to love my life even more when I return to my daily life. You should love me more every moment.  

Coach Soo-Yeon Song has beaten his 10 years of work and now lives with lectures and coaching on the subject of'How should I live well?' We support your 'well life'.