---
title : Travelless trip - A quiet day brought by Corona 19
subtitle : Story#202010221134
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Travel
 - corona
 - essay
date : 2020-10-22T11:34:06+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1482401204742-eb3c31c24722?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
People can be seen, but no faces can be seen.  

Everyone is wearing masks that cover their noses and showing only their eyes.  

When I get on the train, I sometimes feel comforted by seeing other's tired faces, but I don't have that face anymore.  

When they were comforted and happy with their faces, their bright smiles used to make them happy together. However, recently, it is impossible to see other people's faces in the distance and space where they are staying. I'm just putting out my eyes. It's hard to look into those eyes too. In any case, the exposed eyes spend more time looking at the mobile phone in the hand rather than the front.  

Being dazzled by media chatter, smartphones are also busy updating news pages. Even a momentary movement is anxious.  

It is No, it makes the media feel that way. My time in Korea became more anxious than when I traveled abroad (not just the situation in Korea).  

My traveler is not very interested in the media. I am not living in the present simple enough to take time away from the media. Without having to read the text, just glance at the headlines is enough to understand the situation. The world is overflowing with news. The larger the issue, the more stimulating the news title. Nevertheless, the reason why it is not easily caught is because I want to alleviate the internal shock by reading the news indirectly through people rather than being in direct contact with the news going on in the world.  

This was when Hong Kong, where SARS first occurred in 2002, was the number one destination to avoid. When I was in my 30s, I was pouring money and time around the world like a jar with a hole that could not be filled even if I was in my 30s. Finally, as the travel market became extremely bad, I prepared the longest backpacking trip in my life with the desire for this time. I was deliberately looking for a ticket to India via Hong Kong, knowing that a flight via Hong Kong, which should be avoided, is the cheapest. Everyone who knows me, knowing that I'm going through Hong Kong, where SARS broke out, put me on a trip, saying it was crazy. But if I don't do it, what I want to do more is the property of a deviant traveler like me, so I packed up my backpack with delight. At that time, I wasn't afraid to go anywhere because I wasn't tired even if I was sitting on a bench in a local park or sleeping on a train station platform. In the end, the ticket I chose was the cheapest ticket for 12 hours at Hong Kong Airport (the longer you stay at the airport, the cheaper the price).  

What is a trip? Some people want to avoid the area, but there are also cheap travelers who deliberately visit such cities.  

Friends ask. Why travel. If you're not traveling to die, shouldn't you avoid anything to avoid? I answer. You don't know when, where and what will happen and you are traveling in search of unpredictable pleasure, but why worry about death?  

It's a long time ago, but if I had been my life to die like that, I died when I went to a relative's house in Busan to play in a car accident  

I had to. He was running around with the children of the neighborhood in an alley, bumped into an oncoming truck, floated in the air, and was thrown into the asphalt floor. At that time, if I had bad luck, I could die immediately or live a lifelong disabled person. It went so much that even my parents didn't even know that my daughter had been hospitalized in a car accident. Thanks to my grandmother's secret operation, I was discharged safely, leaving only a few scars on my forehead, and no one was worried. It happened that I arrived at my house in the countryside the night before the elementary school entrance ceremony.  

Like a star that briefly shines and disappears in the dark night sky, I have reset all my hard times in the hospital. At that time, I was just a naughty boy who played well in Busan. My family only heard of the accident later, but they accepted me as if it wasn't a big deal when they saw me playing well as usual. At the time, my mother said she knew about the car accident late because there was no communication means, and the younger brothers didn't even know I was in the accident. However, although I did not show my feelings, I seem to have aroused resentment and a sense of victimization that no one came to the hospital where the accident happened. Left alone in the hospital, I was treated without family care, and I am still afraid of going to the hospital because of the trauma.  

'Would I have just died when there was a traffic accident? Am I the child I've been picking up?' So Busan is still far from me physically and emotionally. I graduated from college in Busan, but I have no memories. Haeundae Gwangalli has never been swimming and has never dated. To me, Busan in Korea is newer than Munich in Germany. I can't remember the time I spent in Busan at all. Forget the memories you want to forget. I still do not want to go back to Busan.  

“A child called you is a little weird. Usually speaking and acting. It seems to be the aftereffect of a traffic accident. Where are you in pain now? Maybe the brain was damaged at that time?” Half up and half worried. I don't want to remember the memories of a car accident that I've already erased, but people who know it sometimes say I'm weird. “What's weird? I am normal.” “No, what you think is normal is itself abnormal.” When my older sister, who had known for 10 years, turned 40, the words she said still remain in her mind. right. I am a more individual and free person than them, and I am honest, bold and fearless. But I am scared of all the wheels. He doesn't know how to ride a bicycle, and he closes his eyes because he is anxious to sit behind a motorcycle. Class 1 I usually have a green driver's license, but the instructor gave up on me during training. I thought my life was running well regardless of traffic accidents when I was younger, but seeing that I can't drive any wheeled vehicles so far,  

It seems that the aftereffects remain. Is that why? My travels always started with public transportation centered on trains and buses. Even if I went on a trip and walked 16 hours a day, I never rented a bicycle or a rental car. tired. It's okay though. It is also exciting to walk around.  

“Did you bring your car? Where did you park?”  

Well, People you meet in Seoul start looking for the parking lot after the meeting is over.  

There is no time to wander. I have never taken a parking ticket and have never violated the speed. Even the driver's license, which was used as an identification card only in emergencies, has been lost, and now, there is no need to obtain a new one. So, when choosing a city where I want to live in the world, I pick a city with convenient public transportation. Madrid, Spain in winter and Munich, Germany in summer. A popular city that doesn't need cars, a safe city where travelers can walk comfortably at night, and such a city is also Seoul.  

Today, I am going to a meeting by train to Gangnam. What's different from usual is wearing a little more attention to the clothes and giving points with a muffler.  

Only. Still, it's Gangnam, and I'm worried about it. To me, Gangnam is more uncomfortable than the German metropolis. You have to be conscious of the eyes of others and walk around with care. When I go on a trip, there is no reason to dress up and I do not have a glance to care about. There is freedom even if you are not cool. My carrier always contains old fashioned clothes and clothes that I can't wear because of their small size. And during the trip, I peel off one one every day. There are so many things to throw away on a trip. You have to throw away your clothes and empty your mind  

Must come. The bag that was bulging at the beginning of the trip gets lighter as the trip lengthens. When I finally returned home, there were many times when I even threw out my broken carrier. Minimal life, which was once popular, is not only applied to life, but is needed more in travel.  

Most meeting places in Seoul are high-rise buildings. So, if you take the escalator or walk up the stairs, you can easily see your destination without relying on the navigator. If I come by car, I go to the building's parking lot, park quickly, and take the elevator up, but at that time I look around the building. Let's take a look at what are the restaurants in this neighborhood, the atmosphere of cafes that office workers like, and what they sell for snacks that aren't in our neighborhood.  

Even today, I arrived an hour before the meeting, and I was scanning the surroundings from cafes to restaurant menus.  

I decided to solve the afternoon snack at the Vietnamese rice noodle restaurant I used to find every time. A fresh host of spicy noodles takes a moment to take a trip to memories. At such a moment, it seems like a traveler who came to Rome for a taste tour, not for a meeting in Gangnam.  

Same working hours. Repeated movement. We can choose to spend the day like a traveler or a worker. In my case, I often think of the moment of travel. Trying to see people's faces even when taking the train, and when it gets awkward, an advertisement on the wall  

Read the phrase. Don't click on news or download movies or dramas on your smartphone. I haven't even played games on my phone until now. When you leave the train exit and walk through the streets, you look at the sky. And seeing the leaves of the street trees, I feel the change of the seasons. Sometimes I walk deliberately in residential alleyways rather than on big roads, but at that time, even the fumes from passing cars feel fragrant. Fortunately, I don't have a keen sense of smell, so I always enjoy a lot of things visually.  

In particular, the fortress has fewer people on the street due to Corona 19, making it better to take a walk. There were fewer people on the train and no people on the road.  

And there are no customers in the stores. Where did everyone hide? In this case, where should I go? People are busy moving after work, but the streets are empty. I think. Now should I go home, go to a cafe, or go shopping.  

Even today, my trip was around subway line 2, having three cups of coffee and two snacks at different places. Meeting friends, chatting with friends, and meeting with a partner company are all travels to me. Traveling is no big deal, it is not a trip just because you go far, and it is not a trip without a backpack. Even without taking a picture, we can remember the beautiful moments of our daily life. Let's live with a travel attitude and feel the little things of today special.  