---
title : A glimpse into the everyday life of Bohol
subtitle : Story#202010221152
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Free travel
 - outing
date : 2020-10-22T11:52:05+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1561188951-a13094e8c78c?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I woke up around 5:40. After blinding my eyes, I decided to take a look around the neighborhood. After walking 2 minutes from the hotel, the main road comes out, and walking along the road, we met the graveyard. Colonial and influenced by western culture, the dead are enshrined next to the village. It is a place to visit often to soothe longing and receive comfort. He built a house that looked like a tomb and enshrined his ancestors among them. The scale is not a joke. It's bigger and more sturdy than the average people's home, so it's comparable to the Recoleta Cemetery in Buenos Aires, where Argentine mother Evita was enshrined. It may be a luxury that only the rich enjoy. Many Filipinos barely live in houses that are small enough to escape the wind with planks or bamboo. Compared to such a poor, the tombs for the dead of the rich are sometimes larger than 300 pyeong. It is really sad to see the gap between the rich and the poor even beyond the grave.  

Along the way, you will see a large plaza, and next to it is a wonderful Spanish-style cathedral. It was about 4 stories high, so it was quite large. Even on Tuesday, the bell rang to see if I was going to worship. Conveniently, he did not climb the watchtower and slowed down the rope at Jonggak, pulling the rope in the yard and ringing the bell. I felt less godly and light. Isn't it too sincere? Inside the church, a priest was in charge of worship in Tagalo. I don't know what I mean, but I decided to attend until the service was over. I stood up and sat down several times, and the song continued in the middle. I thought that music plays a very important role in religious rituals.  

The interior of the cathedral was not like a large European cathedral, but was filled with torches. Among them were numbers 1 to 10 in Latin. It would symbolize the Ten Commandments. There were also more goddesses than men here. While the congregation is small and small in size, the sisters who worship together are consistently large. Half of the sisters with glasses were. Filipino wearing glasses is hard to see... After the worship service, I went up to the podium and touched the gold leaf on the statue of Mary, and looked closely at St. Francis. When I went outside, the ten commandments were specifically written on two wooden boards, the first to love God and the second to love your neighbor as yourself.  

There are many houses along the streets that open a hole shop called Salisali and try to make a penny. Even in a fairly straightforward house, there are also houses selling breakfast with rice and side dishes on display. There was also a shop selling small anchovies caught at dawn and young sardines less than a span. Seeing that some Filipinos deliver and sell beverages for their colleagues to drink, the desire to live somehow is great. A gas pipe supplying city gas is conspicuous next to the road, but there are still many houses that use dried tree and coconut shells as fuel.  

The heads of the houses who have a little spare time raise the game as a hobby, and the sound of the torches of the roosters wakes up at dawn. The jangroosters resemble their owners, so they are dwarf in size, but they are beautiful in spirit and appearance. The owner makes individual perches for the roosters so that each rooster shows off his best. That way, you won't be depressed in the arena and fight with all your might. This is an example of making good use of the male characteristics, and the male human world is no different. Males are always looking for a spot on a hositam and prepare to fight with blood for preservation. As they age, they withdraw from normal and disappear without a name. At home and at work, it is the attribute of males to be elevated from the moment they feel that their strength is strong. So there is no real peace in the male world. It is the same reason that father and son are not friendly.  

Long ago, I had a chance to see a game on the island of Mindor. The chickens have excellent fighting power, but the fight doesn't last long because they wear chicken feet and sharp swords. The winner of the fight eats a chicken killed by a knife on the spot with stir-fry or fries. He bets big money and is enthusiastic about the game.  

When I saw a church sign right next to the hotel, I went to the hotel, and the old lady, who was gardening the garden, greeted me happily. As the only church on Panglao Island, Bohol, some of the members' houses are rented and over 4 or 50 members are worshiping. After living in Hawaii, retiring from retirement and returning to his hometown, my husband was very welcoming to the traveler, saying he still works for computers at BYU. I plead with my family to come back.  

It would not be easy to live as a Christian in this land, mostly Catholic, but I could see a peaceful life with a bright and good expression.