---
title : Happiness in small everyday life
subtitle : Story#202010221201
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - happiness
 - beauty
date : 2020-10-22T12:01:31+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1553798406-6ecf8955bca4?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
“My son, what do you want to eat?” “Soft ice cream and McNugget” “Because it’s cold today, let’s drink orange juice instead of ice cream” “Mom, I’ll be sad for a bit.”  

Little prince, how about the star I live in? It's a lot more dizzy than the B-612 star you live in? There are so many things in sight, it's hard for a gay star to see the most important things with your heart.  

Maybe good, it's all because of you.  

How did he get up there, put on slippers, and if I got a little more courage, I could go up too?  

I'm sorry, ants. It's not that the grown-ups did this on purpose, because their feet were so big that they couldn't help it, because this world is too huge to walk on tiptoe.  

Mom throws out the umbrella and scolds you, but your love for the umbrella is still there even during the scold. You have a pure romance who loves rainy days because you like to use an umbrella.  

Rabbit, come and eat carrots, don't be scared, come here. I'm not a bad guy, look at this You also have flowers in your hair.  

Tree, where are you sick? Why are you so messed up with peeling skin? I need to do a medical examination. The problem seems to be deep inside.  

You are the lucky four-leaf clover in my life.  

Happiness is not far away.  

Being far is not happiness.  

Happiness lies in every corner of our daily life.  

Much broader than you think.  

And the aspects of happiness are beautiful.  

It's a life that can't be perfect for anyone,  

We must rediscover beauty.  

Being able to discover beauty in everyday life,  

This is evidence that there is still hope.  

We must hurry the way so that hope does not lose hope.  

We have to proceed without worrying about reality.  

Then, suddenly, you are floating in happiness  

You will find yourself a little more complete.