---
title : Beauty and joy in everyday life.
subtitle : Story#202010221223
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - durian
 - essay
date : 2020-10-22T12:23:35+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1519544442-93857b48665e?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
It was Thursday when I was busy all day due to university evaluation. Around ten o'clock in the evening, after roughly finishing work, I came back to the lab and received a cell phone email.  

"Hello mom, I am going to go to meeting with my tired body after work."  

"The prettiest, smartest and most wonderful woman in the world Because of my mother and mother, it is very difficult for me to meet a woman, so even if I always respect and try to express a lot, I love you enough. I'm always sorry to have a lot of lack of things, and to live with a personality that doesn't seem like a lot because I was born as Mr. Seo, but I will always try to be a proud mother and son in front of others. Durian I sent it yesterday, but the delivery seems a little late. It doesn't taste good. I don't know why I eat it, but I have a lot of my love, so eat it deliciously. I love you mom. ”  

When I saw the words ‘Hello Mom’ written on the first part of the mail, I noticed it from the word durian rather than a glance at the message that someone had sent it incorrectly. Ah! Today is my wife's birthday... I was sorry I couldn't take care of it a few years ago, but again this year... Is my wife now adapting to my bluntness and indifference? I am protesting that my son sent me an e-mail again.  

One year, I came back from my own trip to Thailand and China, and bought a durian with the intention of replacing my sorry. My wife enjoyed the smelly fruit durian, which nine could not adapt to with a Korean fever. In fact, it is said to be the emperor of fruits, and it is the durian that gourmets pick the best, but the taste is very strange. Sweet, light, slightly sour, and pleasant and sweet scent... Most people turn away because of the smell that resembles a fermented skate. However, the taste of the wife who rushes to taste is also very strange. It is a fruit that I always took on my family trip in Thailand. She is a wife who poses in front of a durian tree, as if taking a picture next to her favorite star.  

Two days later, a durian was delivered by courier. But it's scary, it's still not ripe. Last year, it was too ripe and the gap between the fruit and the fruit was wide open, so this one has less scent and much less sugar content. What should I do though! Seeing his son's sincerity, he had no choice but to encourage him to eat it... My arm hurts from splitting the unripe durian full of thorns. My wife grunted if the birthday present was just a durian, and put the fruits in the refrigerator. The eldest son who goes to college in Seoul and gives military service exceptions at a certain IT company in Gangnam-gu also gets quite a salary.  

The day after the durian sent by the oldest child was delivered, a courier came. However, the content of the delivery is durian again. What happened to this? Wasn't your wife complaining to the big guy that durian wasn't ripe? So maybe I sent it again? The moment you find and use a magnifying glass to identify the caller... uh! It was sent from the military base! The sender's address read "Sergeant X". It was sent by a second child wearing a corporal for a year after enlisting.  

A moment of sorrow passed by on his wife's face. When I opened the box in front of my wife, who was impressed, and did not know what to do, the vacuum-packed durian fruit was filled with a subtle scent. On the phone call, the second guy said, “I heard it is difficult to peel. So I applied for something that had only fruit on the Internet.” Although studying is less than that of a big child, he is always attentive and kind.  

My wife told me, "Secondly, I think I will have to live with us even after getting married." Since the second heart is good and sensitive, it will be a desire to receive filial piety for a lifetime. I bluntly said, “Don't think about it in advance. It will be a burden to the child,” he responded. It reversely revealed the uncomfortable feelings of her husband, who could not provide a gift on her birthday.  

These days my living room is full of durian scent. This is because my wife eats it for dessert every evening. The scent, both fragrant and unpleasant, is perhaps the smell of the world we live in these days.