---
title : How to live and love repeating everyday life
subtitle : Story#202010221236
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Movie
 - repetition
 - work life
date : 2020-10-22T12:36:05+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1597511821783-df92a3ccea36?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
It's a series of days that are too boring to say,'I'm glad I passed without anything.' On a day like this, I think it would be good if the news of the destruction of the earth came out. When will the breaking news about the alien invasion and destroying the whole area of New York come? I'm not the only one who wants to choose the main character of mystery rather than becoming an extra.  

The daily routine is too monotonous and nothing too much. There are all kinds of events happening in TVs and books that I watch every day, and it seems that I was not the only one in the world. Just looking at the social media of my acquaintances, am I the only one living like this?- I feel sad because it is not free.  

There is a movie that I want to show to you who have entered such a period of life. This is a movie about a week of a protagonist who spends a repetitive daily life without any special events. Despite repeating every day, it is not boring. Strangely enough. The protagonist does not have an outstanding job and does not have any transcendental talent. I am not living in a big city, nor do I have outstanding people around me. They don't have any great desires. Nevertheless, after looking into his life, the world looks beautiful. You have the idea that a boring space may have a cute story.  

I'd like to learn how to live and love everyday life from the main character of the movie. "Patterson".  

Patterson's week, seven days repeated  

Wake up around 6:15 am, check the time with a wristwatch on the side table, and start preparing for work. Before getting out of bed, she gently kisses her wife Laura. In the morning, I eat cereal, pack my lunch bag, and walk to the office. As a bus driver, when the time comes, he grabs the steering wheel and moves along the route. For lunch, sit down on a bench near the waterfall and enjoy it. After work, I take a walk with my dog Marvin. The walking course also includes going to a favorite pub and drinking a beer. Finish the day with a beer while talking to the owner.  

If he has a hobby, it is ‘writing poetry’. He finds ‘poetry’ even in repetitive routines. From the little matchbox on the table, from my beloved wife Laura, from my coworkers' gossip, and from people passing by. The reason Patterson's daily life looks beautiful is probably because he takes it as a poem.  

You don't have to be a poet.  

I'm not saying to be a poet. It's not about taking everyday life as poetry, focusing on the little things and seeing it with a different perspective. You don't have to be a poet or something. Patterson never refers to himself as a poet throughout the film, and does not disclose poetry to anyone except his wife.  

In that sense, Patterson, who says he is not a poet, but a bus driver, may not be a poet. It doesn't matter if he is a poet or a poet on an earth full of things that don't fit into the proposition. Whether he can't write or write well. The important thing is whether he likes poetry and is breathing with it.  

Do you really like poetry?  

Patterson writes poetry by finding material in everyday life. Writes a love poem about her wife, Laura. Loving Laura is similar to liking poetry. To love Laura is all you need to know is Laura, and to love poetry is all you need to know.  

Just as there is no need to show love, so is ‘writing poetry’. Because this is not something you do professionally, it is something you do to enjoy. We don't have to do what we like. There is no reason to be a Jun Pro. Such times, such you, do not have to be named to someone. Aren't we obsessed with making our own out of so many stories?  

I like it like I breathe, so it became my daily life  

What I want to do even if I don't see it. Things you can't miss even if you write them in a secret notebook. It doesn't matter if you are good or bad. It's not something special and well-off that holds the center point of our lives.  

Perhaps the power that keeps you going through the day comes from walking around town, drinking a beer, and writing down little things. There will be behaviors in you that will make your life more prosperous than what looks great to others.  

What is your ‘poetry’ that you feel free to delve into your daily life?  

Daily life full of useless cuts  

If you talked about how to love your daily life, this time, let's talk about how to live it. This movie was really full of useless cuts. Surprisingly, those useless cuts came together to make Patterson's beautiful daily life. If you say that purple is good, this movie may be tense for the viewers who expect death. Patterson doesn't give anything to us who are accustomed to the explosion of blockbusters, splendid action, magnificent view of the world, countless double tracks, and destiny of love.  

Someone's complaints, somebody's troubles, and it seems like a big event will spread, but it becomes one of the routines that don't have the power to destroy everyday life. Today, nothing happens, but you may be overwhelmed by anxiety that everything can happen at any time in your repetitive routine, but that doesn't happen until the end of the movie. Nothing happens. Even the people around Patterson. Eventually everything becomes a small happening, and today is the same as yesterday.  

Among the worries we have, the probability of that event actually occurring is not very high. The same is true for movies. Words and worries just don't happen and pass away.  

Every single thing that seems so useless is building up our daily lives. Those are what makes the difference between yesterday and today.  

End of week, again monday  

If there is an end, there is a beginning. When Sunday is over, Monday comes back. He said nothing had happened, but over the weekend, Patterson lost his precious poem. In trouble, he meets a Japanese poet while walking through the park. Give him a new notebook with the words "Sometimes a blank page offers the most possibilities."  

Mon, Tue, Wed, Thu, and weekends. May again.  

Patterson will live a week over and over again after the movie is over. A week to write better poems with infinite possibilities.  

Paterson living in Paterson City, good night today.  

There are not many things that will change our lives so much. If it changes-then that change sticks again and becomes a daily life. Patterson is a bus driver, but we refer to him as a'poetry writing' bus driver. You can put modifiers in front of your name for everyday life that you build with your favorite things. How is your daily life organized? What do you want to be called?  

We have an empty notebook, and we have tools to fill it.  

You, who are silently working in their respective positions, good night today.  