---
title : Observer's point of view in strange everyday life
subtitle : Story#202010221217
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Everyday
 - thinking
 - beginning
date : 2020-10-22T12:17:49+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1559786126-b8d16270e607?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I don't know why, but I don't think it's the only one that comes up with quirky and fun ideas during the busiest and most important times.  

Then, when the surroundings are organized to some extent and begin to be stable, the ideas and thoughts that flashed at that time suddenly disappeared or the interest cools down.  

The beginning of this article, which will be small from today, may be one of the things that are as light as a feather and empty as a cloud in my time when I have to decide on the heavy things that are quite important.  

But how about that? Nobody knows what kind of colorful bird this feather belongs to, and whether or not this cloud flows and becomes a big rain or snow-filled cloud that goes around the whole earth.  

When you think of it, don't think about how it will end, but let's do it while thinking of how to start.  

The contents to be written in this category in the future will be the contents that look at the strange daily life from the viewpoint of the observer, like the title.  

In my daily life, I often encounter quite strange things, but I will write down those things.  

In my daily life, quite ideal things come to mind, but I think I will write down those things.  

Some articles will be essays or essays, others will be novels.  

First, let's continue to enjoy writing rather than the quality of the writing.