---
title : Daily life, corona, environment
subtitle : Story#202009272353
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - corona
 - environment
date : 2020-09-27T23:53:09+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1585978962090-c5f4cd672e02?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
From May 6, the response to prevent the corona 19 epidemic has shifted from social distancing to living distance. It was nice to see the reassuring news after a long time. At the same time, a campaign was launched to pay homage to the medical staff and support staff who worked tirelessly amidst the fear of infection.  

Not long ago, on Workers' Day on May 1st, we conducted a very special certification in the Egoego Eco Life Project every day. It was a certification for cleaning workers who are responsible for finishing garbage and environmental waste.  

It is a big thank you note on a pay-as-you-go garbage bag or separate collection bin. We just put the trash in a fixed place. The place is cleanly emptied so you can throw it away at any time. Someone easily throws it away, but thanks to someone else, we have a clean routine.  

Another certification of the day was to leave a complaint with the municipality where I live requesting policies for cleaning workers. Cleaning, collecting, transporting and disposing of waste is one of the most dangerous industries of public sector work. According to the statistics of industrial accidents, 20 out of 1,000 cleaning workers are injured and killed.  

Cleaning workers working in Mapo-gu have to handle more than 3 tons of waste a day by themselves and return 1,805 households. In 5 minutes, you must constantly lift up the weight of a bag of rice (80kg) in order to finish your work at the specified business hours.  

Activist Kum-Sook Ko, the project's manager, suggests two requests for cleaning workers. The first is to get rid of 100 liter pay-as-you-go bags that are the cause of injury to workers. The second is to eliminate night shifts that expose you to danger.  

The members of the project entered a complaint with one heart. There were also many people who said it was their first civil complaint. With the saying that the complaint was more proud because it was a complaint filled with gratitude for the continued life thanks to us and someone else.  

'Thanks to the weather', days when you can do anything are continuing. Special thanks to everyone and the planet for making this good day possible. We also hope that every day will be a better day for all of the participants, thanks to the playback.