---
title: Travel, everyday
subtitle : Story#202009160230
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Travel
 - everyday
date : 2020-09-15T17:30:13+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1483729558449-99ef09a8c325?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

When I think about this time of last year, when I was excited about my summer vacation plans, I can't believe the reality of the moment. Not only me, but many people do it, but travel is more helpful in relieving stress than I thought. Now, I am regretting that moment as a video or photo.  

Even if I can't go on vacation, is there a way to keep the feeling of traveling in my daily life? I would like to introduce some of the methods I found while thinking about that (which is still in progress).  

1. Create "Trailer" by collecting video clips  

Collect video clips and make a YouTube video, I think I will run away. It's because the YouTube video is very burdensome, and I think I have to hold each other for some reason. So the way I found out is to make a trailer using formats like VUE or VITA. It is also quite fun to create your own flow chart and find the'highlight' moment of your trip.  

2. On the way to work, go to a different alley than where you normally walk  

There are times when I go to work on a regular route, but it is quite fun to try'a small departure from the way to work' such as going one more alley. Of course, considering the fact that the road to work may be lengthened due to the wrong way, I recommend that you try it on the day you left early.  

3. Choosing a Seasonal Dessert  

Although not applicable to everyone, there is a macaron café on my way to work. It consists of a menu of cute characters, but there are also many fun seasonal menus. One of them is'corn macaron', a macaron with a cute corn character face, and it is very cute. Buying such a cute dessert makes you feel like you have traveled a little and relaxed, so it is fun to have a feeling of travel elements on your way to work.  

4. Writing a trivial diary  

Write down trivial stories in a journal. Then, it feels like it's completed with the feeling of a trip. For example, like this. 'I met Gilnyang-i while walking on the street' or'I'm tired and tired after I walked over 10,000 steps.' However, these moments remain in my memory for a longer time, so it is amazing.  

5. Take a picture of a flowered jacaranda  

Take pictures of jacarandas encountered in the alley. Don't take pictures indifferently, go close to cooking and take pictures from a distance, and after taking such a variety of pictures, you feel like you've been on a trip. When I put my top in the moment, I seem to feel a little special about this routine.  

