---
title: Essay, beginning, everyday
subtitle : Story#202009160422
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Essay
 - beginning
 - everyday
date : 2020-09-15T19:22:10+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1589210939138-ac0fc5a49bf8?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I have read many books since I was a child. I have come across and read a lot of books such as children's books, comic books, novels, textbooks, and problem books. The book I read the most is probably the comic book. When I was a child, there was always one comic book shop in my neighborhood, but once I started falling into comic books, I would read them there for hours and hours until all the books were read. There were various comic books on the shelf in my room, and I used to take funny comic books to school and share them with my friends.  

As the times change, manga rooms have turned into manga cafes, and webtoons that are easy to read on mobile phones or computers have become popular, so fewer people are looking for paper manga books, but they still love and enjoy manga. I am still looking at various works, but as I got older, I started to be interested in novels, essays, and poetry books, and among them, essays, or essays, were the most I read.  

Various stories of various people living in the world, and articles containing their thoughts and feelings were enjoyed reading. The bookshelf filled with comic books was filled with essays and poetry books, and I started reading through social media, brunch, and Millie's library as if watching a webtoon on my mobile phone. As a result, I naturally had a hobby of writing, and I posted a post on Instagram under the name of'Monthly Jihoon Kim' for a year.  

One year after starting'Monthly Kim Ji-hoon', I looked back one by one of the posts that I posted for a year. I could find that the sincerity was gone. The word'monthly' had become a shackles. I thought that if I kept writing in this way, I would not be able to tell the whole story of myself, and I decided that I would like to tell my story through brunch.  

Originally, I wasn't good at telling my stories What I'm not good at here doesn't hide myself at all, but I didn't know how to talk in a coherent way.  

Then one day, he had a drink with an old friend, and as usual, he started talking about himself. While listening to my friend's story like that, my friend paused and talked to me for a moment.  

"You listen to me and other people really well, but I didn't really listen to your story, and you don't think you're close to me, so why don't you tell me?"  

When I listened to my friend's words and felt sorry for my friend, I thought,'In the meantime, I really haven't talked about me.' At the same time,'How can I communicate my story better?' I began to think,'How about writing a text with a picture that I used to take as a hobby?' I came to think. That started was the'Monthly Kim Ji-hoon' mentioned earlier.  

As I read and write, my way of speaking naturally increased a lot. I started to organize my thoughts in writing, and I started writing things, events, and memories that remained strong in my memory. My story to be used through brunch in the future,'My life is really boring' is my story with the nickname'Jirun', who has been living for 26 years, expressing my thoughts and feelings. (In this case,'Jirun' is not a typo in'Jiroo', but my nickname is'Jirun'.  

My story can't be fun every time and I don't want to be fun every time. Because there are emotions and sorrows in our lives, there are some interesting and uninteresting stories. Sometimes it can be sad and angry. I think that's life.  

I hope that this opportunity will bring my story to someone with comfort and support while writing. From some point in time, we are living a busy life to ignore the words of warm words to each other as awkward and shriveling expressions. However, at times like this, I think the most necessary thing for each other is a warm word. That is why I would like to convey a warm word to everyone reading my writing through my story.  

