---
title: Daily, daily, repeat
subtitle : Story#202009160455
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily
 - daily
 - repeat
date : 2020-09-15T19:55:26+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1590235582969-89d7ebaa3ae2?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

### weather.  

I opened my eyes and looked at the clock first. 7:16. It's still an hour before the alarm goes off. Go back into the futon and close your eyes. I think I've just closed my eyes, but I hear a crazy alarm. Obviously, I slept for an hour more, but strangely, I felt a lot heavier. I close my eyes, reach out my hand and turn off the alarm. I still have two more alarms. But in an instant, the second alarm passes, and the third, which must happen, sounds. Unlike the head, which says that it shouldn't be more aesthetic, the body gets up after 10 minutes more aesthetically. Then, as much as the aesthetic time, she moves busily and diligently and leaves the house.  

### Go to work.  

When I went to work at the office in Gangnam, I had to change subways, change buses, and walk for a while, so the default time for work was more than an hour. Although the process of getting to work was difficult, it was difficult to meet the rush hour no matter how early I came out, but now I arrive 20 minutes earlier than the rush hour. Yes. You will arrive at the office in 4 minutes on foot from 4 bus stops. Whenever you want to quit, think about the location of the nearest office once more.  

### The happiness of coffee in the morning.  

When you get off the bus, you convince yourself about'why you should drink coffee' today, even before getting off.  

Monday is unconditional, Tuesday the weather is cloudy, Wednesday the mood is cloudy, Thursday is a lot of work, Friday.....  

I try to drink coffee every day, looking for all kinds of reasons.  

In fact, there is a coffee shop on the first floor of the office where employees can discount. When I first heard the news, I shouted'Yoah!' However, coffee tasted well even for me, who drink everything well... it wasn't good enough. So I have no choice but to order more expensive but delicious coffee at the coffee shop in front of the stop. And this coffee convinces myself once more that this is the reason I went to work today, that I have to keep going to work, that I have to make money. Nothing makes you feel as good as a delicious coffee in the morning.  

### In the blink of an eye.  

As you sip coffee and carefully organize the things to do today, people come to work one by one, and today's work begins.  

Talking about the big and small things that happened during the night adds more work to do today. Looking back at the increased number of tasks-if you are striking the keyboard without hesitation... the boss next door inadvertently throws a new job again. Suddenly, looking at the thrown work,'Is this my job?' Think for a moment. I know that I'm putting off my work, but nonetheless, I put my work behind me and take the new threw first.  

I just handed it over quickly and thought,'I'll do my job!' I want to happen again. After repeating that many times, a story about the dinner menu comes out. Yes? It's dinner time already?  

Today's tasks, organized in the morning, remain as they are, but the day has passed in an instant. I'm thinking about whether to eat dinner and work more... I don't eat dinner and I'm thinking about getting it done sooner... Eventually, I eat until dinner and come back to the office. Outside the window is already dark.  

### Walk after work.  

The eyes are stiff, and the back neck is stiff. Before going to work, because of the corona, after going to work, I was no longer able to do yoga because of the unspecified work hours. I know that yoga is an exercise that can be done at home, but since I've been sitting in a stuffy office all day, I put my bag down and come out again. I live in Hapjeong, although it is a ring, but I can go to the Han River in 10 minutes on foot. After 10 pm, the Han River is better because there are not many people. The chilly wind seems to take a little bit of stuffiness.  

### sleep.  

Walk for about an hour before entering the house. 12 o'clock is running out. After washing and coming out, the messy room and the dust gathered in harmony with each other convey their best regards, but they try to pretend they don't know and go into the blanket.  

I'm tired, but I'm sad to fall asleep right away. I grabbed my cellphone and said,'What happened to the outside world today!' While snooping around the internet, I realize I was dozing... I want to see the wise drama told by my friend sitting in the front seat today, but there is no way to close my closed eyelids. Before I went to work, I was worried about insomnia, but now I've been sleeping in the bed for less than an hour. Close your eyes And I don't forget to pat me before I go to sleep.  

Today too...  

### My eyes open up. It's morning again.  

