---
title: Corona, everyday, going out
subtitle : Story#202009160437
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - everyday
 - going out
date : 2020-09-15T19:37:19+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1584263345983-e8a1fcd129fb?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

The coronavirus outbreak forced me to spend a long time at home. As I was forced to do zip-cock, I only realized the importance of going out (I still don't want to go to the company). Exercise facilities I visited every day (I like exercise), a large shopping mall I enjoyed on my days off (even if I only do window shopping!), a beauty salon I looked for when my hair got dirty, and a dermatology clinic I looked for when my skin turned over (acne even after I turned 30) ), the movie theater I visited every time a new movie was released (10 CGV movie tickets I bought last year bye bye...), restaurants I visited with my family, etc. Any entry to the usual places that were taken for granted was banned. I know that there are people who wear masks and go on their daily routines regardless of corona, but I can't act so "cool" with health as my number one goal and having a test taker in the house.  

Did you say that humans are animals of adaptation? I found myself adjusting to my frustrating and frustrating daily life. Translation classes were replaced by online classes using Skype, and they are making steady profits from Internet stock trading (did you become the'Madam Watanabe' that I only heard from those words?), and find delicious foods that you can order and eat at home on a regular basis. I was able to lose about 3 kilograms of weight thanks to the walking exercise (10,000 steps every day!) by going out to the promenade every morning/afternoon in time when the day is not hot. An environment was created in which people could earn money, exercise, and work at home for nearly three weeks after being requested in a row.  

But still, the hole in my empty mind is not filled. All proposals for friends to meet had to be postponed after the development of the corona vaccine or after the husband's test was over, and they are only able to visit their parents' home, which they visited more than once a week, almost once a month. I thought I would be able to live on an uninhabited island without anybody with my husband, but I guess I was a social animal that had to meet people.  

Until now, it is not known when the corona vaccine will be developed, whether it will be developed, or when this routine will end. The empty space in the corner of my heart is not hidden and I try to face the feelings as they are. However, I should focus a little more on the'daily life for corona' that I have created. As my husband said, if I look back someday, will the day come when I will miss this moment too? (There seems to be no... Corona quickly disappears!!!)  

