---
title: Running, daily, record
subtitle : Story#202009160156
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Running
 - daily
 - record
date : 2020-09-15T16:56:09+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1480447390595-064cfbdf136b?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

At 5:30 in the morning, I woke up with a hard struggle and a pouring yawn.  

In April, we started a 5km run. I run two or three times a week with the beach in Gwangalli in front of my house in the background.  

I've gained a lot of weight and can't be left with a heavy body. Of course, it would be nice to run every day, but it is impossible with the body, mind, and current low quality.  

Relax lightly and slowly raise your pace.  

As you run, the sun rises. Soon, the body heats up and I am busy wiping away sweat. After running a few times, it's fine, but I feel my physical strength improves.  

Watching the sunrise in Gwangalli while running is fantastic.  

The light of the sky and the weight of the air are different every day,  

Feeling the gentle waves and the texture of the sand  

I feel like I was living in such a beautiful place.  

You can see a lot of people taking a walk with their dogs, and seeing their relaxed look makes you smile.  

Enjoying the moments when your body and mind become healthy  

We are having a small but precious and meaningful time.  

Handwriting.  

The groaning of the pencil lead and paper is good in the flutter and white noise created by a small light. The hand holding the pencil tightly tries to remember the right strength and weakness.  

Sometimes, I write handwriting when it is necessary to stabilize my mind.  

I wanted to learn formally, but I didn't have a chance. I'm practicing self-taught, but it's nice to be calm when I write.  

The new film camera.  

I bought a film camera from Harman Technologies.  

It feels like a disposable camera, but the result is exactly the same.  

It's a reusable camera, so it can be reused by replacing the film literally after shooting. There is no set number of reuses, and it can be used until durability is exhausted. The package is pretty and is sold for 42,000 won including two rolls of Kentmere black and white film, batteries and a small wrist strap.  

After purchasing, I took about four rolls, but it's great for everyday recording. You don't have to worry about anything, just press the shutter. The flash fires well.  

The film was developed and scanned directly.  

Harman Camera, Kentmere 400 B  

Rodinal Developer, 1 25, 7”30  

Epson V800 Scanner  

I finally cleaned up my hair that was shaggy enough to cover my ears, which had never been cut since February. I found a good hair shop not far from home and I was satisfied. Maybe you will go often. If the stylist doesn't change jobs.  

April's record written in the first week of May, and in May, I hope that the corona will end and things that will come back to their place soon. Everyone is healthy...  

