---
title: Corona, everyday, family
subtitle : Story#202009160406
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - everyday
 - family
date : 2020-09-15T19:06:03+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1556760277-ea9fb5b22a94?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Although the number of confirmed cases has declined, corona still dominates daily life. With the opening of school on April 6th, social distancing is more serious. Before that, I used to go out with a mask and wash my hands well.  

Adults do anything, but children are bored. So we play board games, watch TV and play phone games.  

Today, I did a major cleaning at my wife's will. If possible, I would like to do housework with my children. Said the daughter.  

"Mom, can I help you? Shall I push the vacuum?"  

"Yes, thank you. Please do that."  

"Hurray!!!"  

My daughter seems to be excited about pushing the vacuum cleaner.  

Even the little one creeps out.  

"Little little guys get rid of your toys~"  

"Huh"  

My older sister does it, and the little one goes into the room and organizes the toys.  

I cleaned it for a while. As time passes and finishes, the daughter's room is noisy.  

I opened the door and entered.  

"What are you doing~"  

"Dad, dad, hey hey, I made something tall."  

I made it with a little boy by putting a tape measure on the floor of the room and writing it down by hand.  

"Dad, I have to put this on the door so I can measure it accurately. Help me."  

"Oh."  

I was standing while holding a piece of paper.  

The daughter is meticulously applying the tape. The little one goes back and hangs around.  

"All done!!!"  

Try to measure the key right away. And write the date on that key.  

"It's so amazing. Dad, Dad, I put this with a tape measure and drew 1cm each."  

Her proud daughter strokes her hair.  

"Well done. It's really great. My dad feels so good about this idea and the way I make it myself. Let's keep it well."  

When I came to the living room, I was playing with a little boy who made a parachute out of large paper.  

The daughter helps her mother make a mask hanger in front of the front door.  

Parents' excessive (?) kindness makes the child passive. What they can do as they grow up should be given the opportunity to do it themselves. It's okay if you can't. It's okay to make a mistake. 'It takes a long time for kids to do it and I have to see it again, so I just do it. Because children have to play.'  

Children have a special ability to sublimate'work' into'play'. It is also the parents' ability to induce'work' into'play'. Do it at home, make mistakes and do it again, ask for it, praise if you do it,  

Home education is nothing special.  

Giving opportunities, encouraging, and giving feedback, sharing thoughts together, and saying that we worked hard after all.  

Trusting people and increasing their self-esteem cannot be done by memorizing them. It doesn't mean that you get an expensive education. True education takes place in small daily life, with one word or one word with parents.  

It's not a good education to go on a family trip with the latest toys, more expensive clothes, and better accommodation. Whether it's your own toys, inherited clothes, or inexpensive accommodation, it's much more valuable education to be with good parents.  

I hear a lot of jokes that my parents are having a hard time with Corona.  

Crisis is an opportunity and coronavirus can restore relationships.  

We think about what we will do together tomorrow.  

After morning work, my children are TV time, my wife is phone time, and I write like this.  

The TV sound is loud, but I like this everyday.  

Today's snack was the leftover chicken from yesterday.  

