---
title: Gift, everyday, celebration
subtitle : Story#202009160312
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Gift
 - everyday
 - celebration
date : 2020-09-15T18:12:35+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1549465220-1a8b9238cd48?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Thankfully, on my birthday, many people contacted me and received congratulatory gifts. Thankful friends who walked with me, my parents who looked at me with loving eyes rather than words, and I was looking at thirty from my early twenties, but thanks to the precious relationships that have been handed down, I have been happy with each day.  

After leaving the time that seemed like a gift, I am returning to my daily life. I thought about what to do to repay my gratitude for reminding me and thinking about me, and then I decided to become a more meaningful and deeper person to them than now other than sending gifts or congratulations on their birthday.  

Every day is precious and every day is a special day, but I want to devote more time to instill memories so that I can meet important people on more everyday days than on memorial days like birthdays. Rather than sending congratulations with Gifticon and Kakao Talk because you are busy, I would like to present a more meaningful time to meet and hand over the prepared gifts and congratulations while thinking and thinking about what the person needs.  

In the meantime, I didn't dare ask my regards first, and I didn't even talk to me to meet you. Because I wanted to be used by people who need me. But in the future, I decided that I would have to change my mind a little. Even though I don't have enough body to give back the love I received because I received so much love, I think I can be willing to be grateful even if I am a little busier than now. The first words of regards to you can become a small seed in someone's heart and become a tree.  

Maybe when I look back, the only thing that remains is memories. When I was young, I used to go down to the countryside a day before the holidays, but the day beforehand was very fun. In my memory, my grandmother got a lot of scolding and scolding, but she always prepared meals generously in the evening, and when I felt that all of that was love, it was too late. My grandmother always brought my own rice, sweet potatoes, garlic, and dongchimi. That was her expression and love. It is not a simple crop, but only now that I realize that it is a truly deep gift that contains time, sweat, and care for and care for children.  

I have the strength to live today because I have happy and precious memories. In the future, if there is a situation where you have to give someone a gift, you will have to give it generously with time and effort with a sincere heart. I want to present small but meaningful memories to important people who fill me with love. I live today thanks to people who measure and understand me. I, too, must be a person who can give important people the strength to live today.  

To my parents for allowing me to meet these gift-like times, I have to thank my parents so much that no other words in the world can express them. If that word of love really touches my parents' heart, it is a little awkward and poorly expressed, but I have to say it again and again. Just as I am my parents' pride, my parents are my pride and love.  

Perhaps a gift is simply sending an object, but the exchange of mind and heart is made, and the important thing is not in the gift to send, but in the heart.  

