---
title : My daily travel record - Looking for a hobby
subtitle : Story#202010310701
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Hobbies
 - youtube
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-31T07:01:08+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1547402271-614cb4540692?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I went to an exhibition to find a hobby, but I wasn't very interested in going to an exhibition although I like it to some extent. However, the exhibition told me a lot of stories, and although I didn't understand exactly what it was, the artists' tremendous effort and passion for the field were enough to feel. The artists we saw at the exhibition showed their world to others in writing and painting, gave comfort to them, sometimes awakened them, and shouted about the problems of the world. There I learned that even if I'm not a politician or someone like Steve Jobs who puts out innovative items, telling stories and showing people can make a good impact. Also, the assets they left contained the background and feelings of that era, and I felt that point very meaningfully.  

After that, I also wanted to shout out to the world what I wanted to say or the value I wanted to pursue. At that time, it was the time that YouTube was in full swing, and I thought that this platform was suitable. When looking at the growth rate, there was also a certainty that there would be more people in the future. So I started to self-study video editing. Currently, it is possible to edit well enough for mobile phone applications, but at the time I started, there were no such applications. I had to edit with a computer, but the specifications of my computer were infinitely low to run a heavy editing program, so it took several hours to create one short video, and the thought of having to have one computer was strong, but I was a poor university student. I figured out how. Where and how the money will fall.  

But, by chance and at the exact timing, a proposal came up asking whether to go out to the contest, and (due to the prize money) I challenged it without worrying. The theme was to market small and medium-sized businesses in the region, and I worked hard with other team members to make a PPT and submit it. As a result, he was lucky to win the statue and received a prize of about 500,000 won per person. For a prize money of 500,000 won, the existing laptop used transaction was 400,000 won, and the rest of the money was 300,000 won to purchase a laptop with specifications that could run a video editing program.  

Video editing is pretty fun once you start. I have to sit in front of my desk for a long time and look at the computer, so my whole body aches, but I am proud of seeing the finished result, so I continue. So, I've been editing video for two and a half years now. I didn't learn video editing through academy or lectures, so I'm a yamae-style, and I'm not good at it, but sometimes I get a simple outsourcing from someone I know, and I'm doing it without any inconvenience. (There are a lot of good and intuitive programs out there these days, so I think I don't have to use complicated editing programs.)  