---
title : Romantic turnover and daily life afterwards
subtitle : Story#202010310606
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - job change
 - Tongyeong
date : 2020-10-31T06:06:01+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1588447913806-94501a0d56d6?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Others use flags to come from the south to the top, so to Seoul, but I was heading down from Seoul (in my hometown, Incheon). My age is thirty one. It was purely because of a dream that the start-up in Seoul, which started to become famous through word of mouth, decided to move to a small publishing house in Tongyeong called'Napoli in Korea'.  

A publishing marketer and a small, happy life in a quiet sea village.  

These two have long been my dreams. Besides, I'm going to go to a publishing house that I usually adore! It couldn't have been more perfect than this. My mother, like a girl, said, "Will you give up on drying out. Hugh." Then, with a feeling of despair, he packed the movers. My boyfriend, who promised to marry me, somehow, without a sign of regret, said, "Support your dreams." All of my friends responded with the same reaction, "You're amazing, but would you mind alone?"  

In the late spring of 2017, I ran five hours from Incheon to Tongyeong. One trip, once for an interview, and one to find a house, were all three visits to Tongyeong. And, the fourth visit and move. It was a land with no relatives or acquaintances, but it was more exciting than fear.  

Me, watering. A five-year office worker. Whenever I moved to work, I adjusted well and seemed to grow up little by little without knowing what. I was told that I was good at working, and I had a good relationship with my colleagues. The second year of love. The meeting had already ended, but the marriage was delayed due to circumstances. This fall, no winter, no next spring... Instead of hesitating to marry him and rushing him away, I decided to wait a little distance.  

On the first night I moved in, I turned on the fluorescent lights in the house and slept in fear, but I thought about the dream-like times that would unfold here in the future. From Incheon to Seoul Again, a three-hour round trip from Seoul to Incheon, an infinite transfer where both buses and subways had to get off by the time the seats were closed, every day that ran without hesitation, anxiety that if you don't do anything, you'll soon be left behind. Was. The commute time in Tongyeong, which drastically decreased from 3 hours to 3 minutes, made me dream of a life of commuting to work after starting the day with self-improvement such as a balanced breakfast, reading or studying. Enjoy a cup of coffee at a cafe with an ocean view anytime, and on a day off, you can travel to nearby cities. A truly special and romantic life in my thirties, a pretty wonderful adult life was waiting for me. She laughed, imagining a happy future, covering the blanket all the way to her head, avoiding the light of the fluorescent lamp that she was scared of and could not turn off. I was so happy that I started kicking in the blanket as if putting energy into life. Hey! Hey! Hey! In Tongyeong, I pledged to make my work, love, and life upright.  

I was confident no matter what anyone said.  

'Romantic turnover' to Tongyeong (to the extent that I want to be so confident about why I was so confident) began with a lot of self-confidence and more romantic dreams than that.  

And this is the story of my romantic turnover (which flowed differently from my expectations, but has been holding on to the present from 2017) and my daily life after that.