---
title : Focus on solution - Normal daily life
subtitle : Story#202010310813
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Hero
 - thanks
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-31T08:13:10+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1601528497021-8e022a1fbf44?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Someone suddenly comes to mind. When I contacted me because I wanted to meet you now, there is no lottery as much as the answer of ‘Yeah, okay!’ without making this excuse.  

So, one person or two people gathered to eat a bowl of seafood pot. The word not to lose courage after eating this seafood broth is just the beginning. It is real from now on.  

They put coffee and bread on the table, and everyone overcomes this period without anybody. I wonder where Cheon Il Yahwa was only in Arabia. Each was worried about Taesan, but there were many, wide and deep ways to get over Taesan. The story was endless.  

There were quite a few people who met each other for the first time, but that didn't matter. It quickly became a time to feel the same struggles with the same worries. In this case, emotional tears must flow, but laughter bloomed again. Should I say catharsis? The melancholy that I had accumulated without knowing it was the coolness like white water droplets bursting out with a popping out of tears rising like a fountain.  

These people suddenly met. Communication is important, but empathy is more important on this day. It was also said that they had a developmental conversation, and it is not the people who did that. We only talked. I had a little bragging, but I have to say that to get the taste of the story.  

I just listened and sympathized. It was fun and joyful, and I wanted to meet again with just two things. I don't know when it will be again, but if I want to see you suddenly, I will meet you again soon when you want to talk about me.  

This normal routine is precious and loving. The devotion of those who are striving in the defense line gave me a precious day today. I can't forget their hard work. Today, I should be able to enjoy this common life, too.  

When the 'Korean Heroes' (the title of an article written by AFP Correspondent Ed Jones) who are crossing the line has returned to their normal daily life, this time we must keep their daily lives. 722.