---
title : The Reason I Laughed Well
subtitle : Story#202010310833
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Essay
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-31T08:33:04+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1560961846-65350a306a8c?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Yes. We need more laughter on days like these days, when several disaster messages are sent every day. If you don't laugh by yourself, these are days when you have to laugh with strength.  

I usually laugh a lot. When I read the rolling papers written to each other at the end of my 1 year in school, the sentences always start with “00, which smiles really well”, so I think you didn't say everything. My aunt, who I follow really well, says that if a person laughs like that all the time, he seems to be light, and he tells me not to laugh. And it would be more grateful if the other person could approach me more easily with my smile. Even if you think of me as a light person, all you have to do is to be a light person.  

Then why did I become a person with so much laughter?  

From elementary school to high school, I had good friends who were bound to laugh when they went together. It would be even more surprising if I had been with such friends all day from morning to evening and didn't laugh. Even in high school, I lived in a dormitory, so I spent 24 hours together.  

Those friends have been a driving force in my life even after graduation. We regularly collect dues and go on a trip, usually after one of us's exams or some schedule we were aiming for. That's why I seem to endure that time with the idea that I can go on a trip with my friends if I cross this distraction. We all get together for a few months, if it could be for a year, but we treat it like we saw yesterday at any time, and we laugh without worrying about any thoughts.  

Even looking at KakaoTalk alone. In order to ask for advice on a certain matter, I try to throw in a little talk from my friends, but rather than expect serious advice from my close friends, I seem to share it with my friends because I want to lighten the weight of my concerns. Of course, when I ask for advice personally, I talk seriously as if it were my job.  

If I take advantage of the short knowledge I picked up during lectures, people who directly or indirectly influence my behavior habits are called “reference groups,” and usually there are family, friends, and co-workers in this reference group. In general, the more time I spend together, the greater the influence of the reference group on me, and for me, the group of friends has a greater influence than the family in some ways. And, fortunately, everyone is a friend who lives hard toward their dreams, so the appearance of such friends acts as a very positive influence on me.  

But there is one concern. Adults always say that in the end, they will meet with friends who are suitable for their circumstances and circumstances. In simple terms, it means that we will play with each other, but this is a word that does not resonate with us now. However, since we have not yet established a family and have not settled properly in society, it remains to be seen whether the words of adults are correct. When such a story comes out, we ask what are we worried about and whether we can all be cool together with the thought of worrying about that, but they are friends who only say the right thing.  

I have friends who are drawing on the future together, asking everyone to meet in a better way in the future, so I feel that my daily life becomes more meaningful and laughter makes me laugh.  