---
title : What to leave in daily life
subtitle : Story#202010310247
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Risotto
 - cooking
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-31T02:47:52+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1515036918611-4b7f32b8406c?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I moved from a job that took four hours to commute to a job that allowed me to go to work for an hour. I have three more hours a day. I thought I had to fill my sudden time with something, so I looked for ways to improve myself and met a lot of people. But one Saturday morning, when I opened my eyes, I felt tired, not much different from the time I was commuting for four hours round trip. I thought something was wrong.  

My life was always busy before I went to work that took four hours round trip. I was so busy meeting people outside and doing various activities that I only had one or two days off at home a month. I spent all my time, money, emotions, and stamina outside. As the job went farther away, the weekday had to spend time entirely at work. So I had to quit meetings like this, and I thought my busy habit had ended.  

But again, as I had time to spare, I realized that my habits were only briefly held back by circumstances, but had not changed. It is said that new things can come in only when there is an empty part in life. Through the practice of leaving a certain part of my daily life, I wanted to fill my spare time slowly and with really good things.  

First of all, a person decided to meet when he really wanted to meet him or had something to meet. I choose to refrain from meeting someone because I am lonely, bored, or because of my own needs. It seems to be rude to that person to meet someone when'together' is not the purpose.  

Come to think of it, when I wanted to eat it, but didn't want to eat it alone, I often called my friend. When I liked mushroom risotto for a long time, I called several people to the pasta restaurant. Thankfully, everyone came out, but looking back, I feel sorry for my friends who spent a lot of time and money for me. One day, when I saw an Italian chef on TV making a risotto, I tried it at home, and the taste was good. Now, when I want to eat mushroom risotto, I decide to make it at home and eat it, and save the time left for a more meaningful place and more important work.  

Mushroom Risotto (for 1 person)  

Ingredients.  

Two handfuls of mushrooms (bird, oyster, mushroom, etc.)  

1/3 onion, 4 garlic  

1/2 cup of white rice, 500ml of water, 1 piece of chicken stock  

White wine (or shochu) 30ml, olive oil  

1/3Ts butter, salt, pepper, Parmesan cheese powder  

how to make  

1. Prepare two frying pans. In a frying pan, fry the sliced garlic, shredded onion, and finely chopped mushrooms in olive oil.  

2. In another frying pan, fry the white rice washed in water with olive oil, and then pour white wine or soju to remove the fishy smell.  

3. Dissolve a piece of chicken stock in 500ml of water. Cook the rice by adding this water to the pan #2 where the rice is being fried. When the water is gone, add Korean characters one by one, stirring slowly over medium heat until the rice becomes rice.  

4. When the rice in pan 2 is ready to eat, mix the fried onions, mushrooms and garlic in pan 1 with the rice in pan 2. Stir-fry vegetables and rice together, add a little butter to enhance the flavor, and season with salt and pepper. (Because of the chicken stock, the seasoning will already be a certain amount, so add salt while seasoning.)  

5. Put on a plate and sprinkle with parmesan cheese powder to eat.