---
title : Park Ana's Daily News
subtitle : Story#202010310528
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Open hand
 - piano
 - challenge
date : 2020-10-31T05:28:19+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1547631785-dada59885aab?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
At an unexpected opportunity, I met pianist Son Yeol-eum. If I simply use the expression "I met" with what I saw in my face, I met Jo Sung-jin and Lim Dong-hyuk. The reason I speak so proudly is because I took pictures and got autographs. And we also had conversations.  

In front of a real pianist, I was very embarrassed from the beginning because the senior who made this place introduced me as a pianist.  

“Oh, really?” It turns into a look full of curiosity. The senior even adds to the story that I had a concert last year.  

“What song did you play?” Suddenly, I became a little panic at a question that came in. This is because the name of the song I played did not immediately come to mind. It's like my ideal type, still trying to say, but I can't remember her name, a Hollywood actor, the girl of the Three Musketeers, who is...?  

It just floated in my head like Cameron Diaz. Fortunately, my wits were exerted so much that I remembered the song title.  

“Mozart fantasy...”  

“D minor?”  

“Yes...” he replied.  

"Wow! It's a beautiful song. And again?” Seeing her pretty eyes brightly opened, her mind flashed, and the answer came out tricky.  

“Mozart Sonata No. 332, Debussy Arabesque, Schubert improvisation No. 90…”  

"Wow... did you play without sheet music at the concert?"  

This is a question she can ask, a memorable master. In "Music Letters From Hanover", she confessed that reading and memorizing new sheet music is what she is most confident in the world. You even said that you haven't seen anyone who reads or memorizes music faster than you, but I think I know why she asks this question. As you may know after going to a concert, there are few pianists who play by looking at the sheet music. Of course, sometimes I report sheet music. Even in such a case, I spread the score, but I rarely see it. Just in case it is.  

Ambo is the pianist's fate. The performance is completed only when it is memorized. It is a fact that I also saved myself while preparing for the concert last year. Memorizing the score changes the quality of your performance. Because you can play while looking at your hand, you can press the correct point when you press the key, and your muscles can prepare in advance, reducing mistakes. Just as the exercise effect is much better if you exercise while checking your posture, the sound produced by watching the movement of your fingers changes as well. Memorizing means that you have practiced so much that there are few mistakes in terms of technology, so you can freely fall into the performance and express your feelings. In short, to memorize means to make the song mine. Technically and emotionally, I'm ready to fully focus on the song.  

Nevertheless, after a lot of trouble, I put the score in front of me. For the first concert of my life, I wanted to play something completely without a sheet music. But suddenly my head became white and I couldn't think of anything... I wanted to do something when a dizzy situation arises just by thinking about it. Who said that the most important thing is to see people who are afraid to go up on the stage at the sound of their heart beats even though they have memorized perfectly, the most important thing is that I can confidently claim to myself and the audience that I have memorized perfectly. But I am the one who keeps forgetting the famous Cameron Diaz. Of course, turning the page and playing is more of an acrobatics for an amateur like me. I wanted to have a page turner, but it seemed uncomfortable for someone to listen to my performance right next to me. Eventually, the sheet music was printed in small size to reduce the number of flips as much as possible.  

“I have memorized it, but it’s my first time, so I’m not confident…” I feel too small to answer like this.  

“Right~ Where did you play?” Whether you have read my heart, her eyes light up kindly.  

“JCC Hall.”  

“Wow~ It’s nice there, but it’s cool.”  

I came without saying, "No, you are the coolest thing."  

In fact, I didn't want to tell my story. There were a lot of questions I wanted to ask her. How much do you practice in a day, what is the practice process, do you have your own way of interpreting songs, why do you write and write so well? Disappeared. Is this the feeling of a fake who met the real thing? In front of people who are not familiar with the piano, he naturally says, "I also did that concert," but in front of the master, he completely shrunks. When I was a child, I remember myself hiding behind my mom's skirt. Although it won't be covered now.  

On this day, the Hungarian Divertis Network (Op. 54 D.818) for Schubert's hands, played by Son Yeol-eum and Park Jong-hae, lingers in his ears. Divertissement originally meant a change of mood or entertainment, but it meant an interlude of opera or a short instrumental piece inserted regardless of the progression of the plot. It was a beautiful song with simple yet dynamic elements in several places, as she introduced in her polite manner. Wouldn't it be dynamic enough to just follow her hand, like a ballerina's footsteps, and sometimes dribbling a basketball ball freely? It's a song that I first learned from her performance, but it's like a friend I'd like to keep meeting with for a long time. Whenever I listen to this song, the meeting on this day, when I had a Divertis network in my simple everyday life, will come to mind. Since the memories of the last concert were summoned together, it seems to be the best divertis network, a change of mood. Hmm... is that good?