---
title : 15 minutes a day time to choose your mind
subtitle : Story#202010310512
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - lethargy
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-31T05:12:15+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1581860599558-54f926160194?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Long vacation life continues due to the postponement of the opening of school. Every day, as we go through a situation where we don't know when to start school, we need to change as we see children getting helpless beyond corona blue (corona depression). As with the children, I also worked on writing books at night, which I had put off as a busy daily routine, and the daily wake up time in the morning was irregular and meaningless. It's a series of feelings as if the body fell into the ground.  

Can you get out of your helpless routine?  

After living as it is, it was not Corona 19, but Corona Blue, and he was taken to the hospital. House cock life needs change. In their respective rooms, they called the children who were lurking and drooping. She conveyed her mother's feelings because she was sorry that she was passing too much time on how to start the day. “When I wake up in the morning, how about having a time to thank first?” he asked. Fortunately, the time for children to wake up is getting delayed, so the day is passing too quickly, and he readily accepted the mother's suggestion.  

First, I was grateful that I could start the day safely by reading the Bible of the day. The son reaps a word. “Mom, thank you for being able to eat delicious meals” I feel that the child's words fill my heart. Each person's time plan was briefly written in a notebook about how to spend the day. After choosing my mind for 15 minutes a day like this, I was able to wake up calmly without being annoyed by each other. When the morning is busy, I use lunch or look back and meditate in the evening. Whether in the morning or in the evening, having a feeling of gratitude is the main purpose, so you can use a comfortable time. The 15 minutes a day for me and my children made me feel the strength of my mind muscles. Little by little, like clothes getting wet with drizzle...  

After 15 minutes a day, I tightened and pulled the broken heart muscles more firmly.