---
title : Between Everyday and Extraordinary
subtitle : Story#202010310706
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Extraordinary
 - everyday
 - fairy tale
date : 2020-10-31T07:06:40+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1532264523420-881a47db012d?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
It adhered to the mediocrity of everyday life. It was automated without a new experience. No joy, difficulty, or hardship were sloppy within the level and range that could be properly handled. Not knowing that you have become accustomed to it, that familiarity is not a preference or a desire, so it only leads to dryness.  

I hate being dry. The dry reality mode is'anyway'. Whether you do this or that, it will be like this anyway... Anyway, it brings a fixed life. The fixed boredom makes me work harder for a moment of joy, becoming ‘Go away, you who worked hard,’ and find a dreamlike fairy tale that will become more volatile. Of course, in a repetitive life, the novelty of the travel destination swells to the fullest. The usual eating, sleeping, and steps create a new mindset and give a different energy than before. It gives the feeling of a pure and beautiful fairy tale. Unfamiliarity brings expectations and excitement, and brings a clear and pure feeling. However, I don't want to feel it only in non-daily life.  

Isn't ordinary daily life like a fairy tale? While creating a fixed daily life, I am hoping for something wrong. The reason I can't feel expectations and excitement in my daily life is because I have restrained myself. Because I am not conscious of any freedom I have. Ask yourself why you want to change. Can't we really do it, not an unrealistic wind? How can I increase the intensity of the moments in my life that have been drowned?  

If so, how much did I dream, imagine, and fantastically try to feel the emotions in the real world where I am stepping on? Rather, it was the opposite. As if I had already enjoyed it, curiosity and anticipation did not arise well. Far from being swaying, he stayed within a framework, among the cliche and loose things. I couldn't breathe in a very framed life. I lived as if it were a real life. What's left of this type of mounting and setting life? It's a way to an average, homogeneous life, and a way to get rid of it. No appreciation or meaning remains. I just did it, but it remains. I did what you did.  

Due to the real world, it has fallen far from inner needs. It is the division between the self and the outside world, and the self and desire experienced. I left my original self behind the scenes, completely surrendered myself to the logic of the outside world, and I was taken over and moved. They simply withdraw and seek satisfaction from daydreaming. The more so, the more it becomes a potential incarnation. That is why the things that are ripening in me have not greedyly bear fruit, have not harvested, and have not made any tools to harvest.  

The pressure demanded by the outside world had to be concealed or avoided vaguely rather than revealing the inner world or identity. In addition, it was interpreted as a signal to vaguely fall rather than take it out while feeling the impulsive inner demand. But all of this would be a plausible excuse. I just... Maybe I kept getting back too much. So I put everything away and neutralized it. It made nothing like it wasn't in the first place Whatever comes, whatever arises, says that it will be like this anyway, and the reality is suddenly operated while removing the sweet water. Then, absurdly, the abnormality that should have worked no longer works. It makes it plain without acting, making it a reality. Dream, expect, imagine~, thinking that these words were also stupid, but rather self-confident and continued in a state of dullness. Now I have to recognize my strength so that I can pant out of breath, not out of choking.