---
title : Lazy traveler's daily life
subtitle : Story#202010310501
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Travel
 - everyday
 - life
date : 2020-10-31T05:01:26+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1442570468985-f63ed5de9086?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I wrote on a blog the other day, and I aim for the life of a grasshopper, but I am inevitably a natural ant human. The seniors who worked for many nights in their twenties still remember me as a natural child, but in fact, I was nervous every day. On days off, I had to go out and play, and when I was working, I had to run fiercely. In retrospect, it seems that it was important to not know what to spend time for and to fill that time like a filth and create results. Of course, I think it should be at certain times in life. When I reminisce about the youngest adult time of my life, I shamelessly have no regrets. I played well and worked hard. If an individual's life had a fixed displacement, like a car, I ran off the total amount and used emergency fuel, so the words to do more would have been just yelling at a car that had already stopped to run.  

I recently visited a life coloring one-day class that an acquaintance introduced. Looking back at my daily life, what time of day do I feel the most comfortable and happy sensations? Where do the guilt and anxiety of not getting a complete rest come from? Is it because of laziness that the body just puts off without moving? Does it hold onto me so that I can't move forward? The teacher gave me an explanation of why we should look into our daily lives. Like a kind of group psychological counseling, each person shared their daily life in color and poured out unfilled emotions.  

In my case, the compulsion was that I was not properly filling the remaining time after leaving the company. Looking at the daily routine of the last week, I was feeling very guilty about starting and ending my day with Netflix. Having said this or that, the teacher said that it might be an escape from something he had also experienced. As an excuse to procrastinate what you deserve, you repeat watching Netflix one more page, make an appointment with a friend, indulge in a new space with a break, and go on a trip that is the highlight of your escape. I was advised that it is important to find out what deserves the body and the mind. And on the next page, when asked what he would like to do if he had time for a break, he wrote that he wanted to go to a cafe with good sunlight in a warm travel destination and read a book.  

Travel creates a new everyday life. Wake up in the morning, eat a neatly laid out breakfast, go sightseeing, find a suitable lunch place, go sightseeing in a cafe, and look forward to a nice dinner. It's normal, but it doesn't happen in everyday life. I usually don't eat breakfast when I go to work or not, and I don't get excited enough to think of the cafe and restaurant I want to go to every day. My other self in the travel destination is so generous, I have no hurry to eat, eat or even in a café. On rainy days or bad weather, he daringly stays in the dorm all day, reads books, plays missed dramas and movies, stays in an art gallery all day, and moves like wandering through a maze. There is no compulsion to visit famous architecture or tourist destinations, and there is only one thing I want to do a day, which is still one of the principles of travel that I have adhered to.  

My traveling self focuses only on me. If it's hard while walking, I rest, and if it's boring, I walk. If you want to eat, eat, and if you are unwilling, do not find it. If you say that time is money in travel, I am a person who has a mouth and has nothing to say, but somehow I am not ashamed of laziness in travel. Two years ago, during my business trip to Paris, I was lucky to see a Korean movie featuring Song Kang-ho while eating a Preta Mangje avocado sandwich at a hotel on an empty day. I was full of fatigue and slept for about two days. One day in Portland, it rained, so I sat down at a Mexican restaurant and drank for half a day. They are all very satisfying memories. Maybe I took a trip to enjoy my lazy routine.  

“How was it when you came here? Are you a little nervous about walking in a strange neighborhood? There are many alleys, so it's a good neighborhood to get lost. If you're hungry because you don't know the neighborhood, you have to go to a restaurant you don't know and choose carefully. Then, when I see the cafe, I take a cup of coffee and walk again like that. I met new people and talked about them. Actually, this is a trip.”  

When the story of travel came out in class, Marcel Proust's words came to mind. The true travel is not finding new scenery, but getting new eyes. It is a very difficult story to say that travel is like everyday life and everyday life is like travel. I don't know if both were not good after all, seeing that the latter was always messed up apart from the former. It was always easier to get out of the room and run away to a clean room rather than cleaning up a room that was already messy. Even though the room I have to go back to is the place I messed up with my own hands. Therefore, it is only up to me whether to spend the vacation with a heavy heart while hugging a bunch of vacation homework, or whether to take care of it one by one and move forward.  

The strangers comforted each other for the first three hours of sitting together with people I saw and sharing their daily lives, but in fact I couldn't say everything I wanted to say. After spitting out a few words and writing a few letters, I realized that I already knew the answer to my problem. I just couldn't spit it up my throat because I wasn't sure to accept the heavy reason myself. Still, I wrote a post like this to convey the words to the people who shared the morning of last Thursday, and to those who read this endlessly written article at a precious time, this year, I hope everyone will be a traveler of their daily lives.  