---
title : What I realized after suffering a terrible flu
subtitle : Story#202010310436
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - flu
 - health
date : 2020-10-31T04:36:31+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1602499185003-c4765e5c0027?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
The voice does not come out on the third day.  

From last Friday, I felt my throat swollen as if it was tonsillitis, but I couldn't go to the hospital in my busy day with child-rearing and work, and I took the path of natural healing and lost my voice. The voice literally really doesn't come out.  

How embarrassed I wake up in the morning and realize that my voice is not coming out. When I tried to say anything, a crackling sound came out. Even when he went to work, he whispered and talked with his colleagues, and he communicated his thoughts in the shape of his mouth after going out for coverage. In the case of indoor coverage, phone calls were not possible, so coverage was only possible with reporters via text or e-mail. When the call came, I was afraid.  

I understood the heart of the little mermaid who had lost her voice a hundred times. How frustrated it would have been with a loved one in front of my eyes. Phew-  

On the way back home after receiving a job interview on the weekend, getting prescribed antibiotics at the hospital. It was gloomy. I was wondering if I would catch a cold once a year, as my nickname was'Sturdy', but in January of this year, I had a fever every weekend, or my throat was swollen, so I had to take medicine. With two childbirths, my body has become a'weak' rather than a'strong'.  

Because I was sick, what I realized was 'everyday preciousness'.  

First of all, I felt desperately how grateful it was to be able to stay healthy. If your body is healthy, you seem to be healthy mentally. It's a refreshing day to go to work, smile and chat with colleagues and reporters, and write articles with a clear mind.  

In addition, you can talk with your child in the car on the way to Deunghawon and read children's books before going to bed. I can voice talk with my mom, dad, and friends in Korea. You can also talk with your husband about what happened in the day and how you felt.  

Most of all, the most desperate thing after getting sick was'coffee'. What would you do to tell the meaning of coffee to office workers? A cup of coffee on the way to work and a cup of coffee after lunch is really the source of power to endure a hard day.  

On my way to work, buying an Americano (sometimes latte) at a Starbucks drive-through and my son's butter croissant has been around for half a year. After a sore throat, Americano had to be replaced with a'tee' type. Ha...I missed the scent of coffee so much. The cold took away my precious coffee time.  

That's it. On this weekend, when there was no voice, I was invited to the home of a friend's family for 10 years and went to the Orange County area, which takes an hour and a half by car. A couple of friends prepared a lot of sushi and wine snacks. I've been looking forward to this time since the end of the year, but I couldn't take a sip of wine. I couldn't even chat with my friend. When I communicated to a friend in the form of a mouth, he said that it would be more convenient to talk with KakaoTalk. right. Chatting would be more comfortable.  

My body was sick, so I couldn't enjoy the little happiness I feel in my daily life one by one. The intensity of affirmation about life has dropped dramatically. It's still January, the first month of the new year, but it seemed that my own vision and hope for a life that had risen up as the new year came, had disappeared. I want to'What is life...'  

After all, health is the best. Only when your body is healthy can you maintain a clear mind, and only then can you build up your will to live hard. The daily routines that were usually given to me were gratitude itself. After this cold, I have to take proper care of my body. Eat good food, exercise hard, and sleep enough. Things that you know but can't keep well.  

First of all, I really want to chatter. There are so many things I want to say...  

I'll have to chat with my colleagues, reporters, friends, and family.  

One day after I wrote the article, my neck condition improved a little, and in the morning I spoke unwittingly and admired "Wow."  

My husband also shouted strangely, "You talked now!" I was so grateful that the voice came out. Thank you for being able to speak. I am glad that I can express my intentions with my mouth.  

I am grateful for my daily life. I got better quickly, so I should drink a cup of coffee!