---
title : Record of deviation - The moment when you let go of your daily life
subtitle : Story#202010310820
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Deviation
 - work
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-31T08:20:00+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1454166155302-ef4863c27e70?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Until Monday morning, there was a lot of fighting. Even after work, there was a lot of fighting, so even after working overtime, I walked home, even bought fruit and went to a friend's house to chat and chatted after a long time. I came home after talking about the trip for a while because I was excited by the anticipation of the trip that will come in 3 days.  

However, Corona was strong. The destination I will be going to has been in an emergency this week. At the travel cafe, I was uploading various stories in real time divided into waves of going or not, okay or not, and my mood was up and down every time I read each article. The news was more serious, and my mom quietly asked, "Are you going..?", but I was already excitedly packing 1/3 of my luggage. Even with a very specific coordination.  

It was a pretty big and long trip and it was an important one. During the weekend, I was excited to buy things to take on my trip, postpone and postpone accommodations, and then complete reservations only for pretty accommodations, but the condition of my travels was not pretty. It was time to prepare. I tried to relieve my stress and fell asleep without exercising.  

I was upset, but the next day I was sleeping-  

It was a trip two days later. It was an exciting morning to leave the company for 7 days after coming to work for only two days. Until my friend told me the news that my travel was restricted, I was worried about it, but it happened. Once canceled within 48 hours, Airbnb has been canceled, which will cost less. I canceled all the guesthouses and SIM chips that I reserved the day before.  

It was a trip two days later. It was an exciting morning to leave the company for 7 days after coming to work for only two days. Until my friend told me the news that my travel was restricted, I was worried about it, but it happened. Once canceled within 48 hours, Airbnb has been canceled, which will cost less. I canceled all the guesthouses and SIM chips that I reserved the day before.  

By the way, since I had a meeting in English, I had a day with high-intensity work, so I thoroughly brushed myself up to the end of my mentality, rained, and even traveled, and the energy of my body and mind disappeared. It was vain and I hated Corona so much, it was difficult.  

So I whining about wanting to eat chicken, my brother told me, so I ate with my mom at night. It's a body profile, and I just ate it because I wanted to relieve my mood with something sweet right away. It was really delicious. (Honey combo is the best) And I just fell asleep, forgetting to exercise again.  

Yesterday, which was the day before my trip-I was tired all day for some reason. Maybe because I lost my energy, I came home from work, picked up things and ate, fell asleep from 6 o'clock, woke up at 12 o'clock, and slept again until 6 o'clock. I slept well the night before. After waking up, my tiredness was gone, and I decided to go back to my normal routine. Even if today is the time that I would have been on the plane as scheduled.  

It was three days up and down like a mountain climbing. Before the body profile, I ate chicken and forgot to exercise and played very well. Still, I think it would be better than what I ate on the trip, and I try to get rid of the regrets of the trip and go back to my daily life. Pushed today  

This is why I write articles. If you let it go like this, the last 47 early records are a waste! Consistency requires the same mental power to go back to whatever situation comes. I try to stand upright again and try to center.  

I think everything makes sense.  

I believe that not going on this trip would have been a better option-I have to come back to my daily routine and fight. Fighting!