---
title : Stretch out a leg vigorously through an elevator door
subtitle : Story#202010310719
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Bath
 - everyday
 - essay
date : 2020-10-31T07:19:35+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1559672749-f3b4e01864b3?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
This is what happened at the sky lounge on the highest floor of a skyscraper-like building in an area. After calling the elevator going down, I stood blankly and fixed my eyes on the LED panel that indicated the number of floors. One of the three elevators rises with a powerful blinker.  

And a middle-aged, mid-to-late forties, woman wears a luxury fur coat and crosses the elevator. Just in time, the KakaoTalk on my smartphone rang and I read a message from someone.  

At the left edge of the left eye, I felt the reaction of the elevator's suspense cracking. The elevator doors opened on both sides. After simply answering KakaoTalk, I raised my head. The middle-aged woman guarding my side suddenly came out of the elevator and made eye contact. And I moved on. At that moment, I felt the woman's urgent finger movements rushing.  

God damn, she was shutting the elevator to keep me from getting on.  

At that moment, while doing boxing exercise, he stepped forward with his agile steps and stretched out his left leg. Both doors of the elevator were surprised to swallow my legs from both sides and retreated. And it was big enough to remain after I entered.  

I stepped proudly by her side and looked at her quietly until the elevator closed. She put her hands on her chest, exhaling a deep breath, shouting in a stupid voice what she should have held. It was small, but my bright ears were enough to cover my hearing.  

Oh my, be surprised. I'm scared.  

With my eyes raised in anger, I stared through her head. Turning away from my gaze, she was short and my eyes could only see her crown. How do you teach this damn woman? I thought quickly for 3 seconds. And I acted and spoke according to the decision I decided.  

You are more scary. This man!  

How do humans press the die button after leaving the person waiting first?  

Without a sense of changing her gaze again, she defended her body in front of the elevator license plate, as if she was rigid. It was ridiculous. My life was pathetic, in the form of somehow, where did you dare to go through the same sky? After thinking quickly again for 3 seconds, I pressed the elevator button and finished with the last word.  

Get off here and get on again later. And go home and look in the mirror and wake up.  

I pressed the button on the 5th floor in the middle of the elevator going down, and soon stopped. By pressing the door open button, she labored and continued to open the door until she proceeded with a quick step. As soon as she stepped into the hallway, I pressed the door close button in quick and vigorous succession, like she did tens of seconds ago. Hoping for the door to close quickly, hoping for her to disappear in both eyes. She quickly disappeared from my sight, enjoying deep relief.  

Before writing this article, I came back after getting rid of the stiff cold in the bathroom. However, a man in the bathroom appeared, reviving the memories of her in the elevator. While warming up in the hot water, I was about to fall asleep for a while, but I woke up to a nap when I heard a loud sneezing sound three times in a row.  

Etch! Etch! Etch Etch Etch...    

What else is that crazy person? In this time when everyone is careful with Wuhan pneumonia, he sneezes into the air for everyone's attention, as if he was blowing a loud sneeze or playing a saxophone.  

As he shook his head from side to side, it seemed that all the air bubbles in the bathhouse were mixed with his body fluids. Human like a robber!  

I didn't even take a shower when I saw him in the hot water bath. I just thought about that for another 3 seconds, but the man, who couldn't stand the bird, pulled up the sputum to put it on, and spit it out like throwing it into a drain outside the bath. This time, I did not finish thinking and stood up with words and actions.  

I'm a Cubs XX, XX is the beast we went to the hadeonga you alone if X! Go to your house and do XX!  

He has set up ten or so sentences with spiky admonitions composed of similar idioms and sentences. I recognized him at the moment when his confused gaze was about to turn into anger, and I hit the player before his anger matured.  

In this case, the way to hit a player is to press it so that you don't even think about challenging it. After about a minute, the bathhouse regained its tranquility, and the man of Juanmuchi went out to the changing room without washing.  

I felt uncomfortable, but I was glad that I felt comfortable with the warm energy, so I returned the keys to the bathroom desk. At that moment, a middle-aged woman in the women's bath hurriedly approached and returned her height to a female desk employee with enormous bath water.  

Intercepting my turn was unpleasant, but I felt bad at Juanmuchi throwing the bath water that had passed through his filthy body at a dear daughter at a precious other's house.  

After thinking for three seconds, I gave her the last lesson of the day.  

Does your daughter live with the dirty bath water washed by someone else's house?  

Don't go out to the bathroom and take a shower at home!  

People who live in an unreasonable daily life unreservedly, in this world I wonder if the reason for living in this world is to fix these people's troublesome hair sometimes. Tomorrow, what other Juanmuchi will make me feel bad?  

Absurdly, I'm excited about the situation that I'm even looking forward to.