---
title : Story
subtitle : Story#202010310342
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily
 - freelance
 - health
date : 2020-10-31T03:42:14+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1583316174695-0ac0e74c68cf?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I think the most bothersome thing to do while working as a freelancer is to eat rice. When I was working at a company, I just had to choose the menu I wanted from the restaurant and eat it. When I work alone, I have to set up a table and organize myself. Even if you order food for delivery, buy a convenience store lunch box, or eat cup noodles, you need to set up and clean up. But why are you so bothered? I'm taking care of me, but I'm not sure why I feel this way.  

When I started freelance, there were many cases that I rarely eat all day. No matter how hungry I was, I couldn't think of anything to eat. Sometimes I wasn't hungry. It's a personality that forgets other things once you focus on something. I waited for my husband to come, sipping only water or tea, and eating only one dinner continued, and my eating habits became messy.  

There are people who live with me, so I eat something, but after starving all day, I ate more than usual because I thought that I should be compensated for only one dinner. Not intermittent fasting, but intermittent binge eating, my body broke really quickly. There were many things that I couldn't digest while eating excitedly as if I was hearing a girl, and sometimes I even vomited. The day I vomited while eating is okay, but the problem is the next day. The stomach acid explodes and sore, but I can't eat anything. Eventually, you will lie down all day long.... However, if the stomach acid rises, you have to sit right after lying down. I felt depressed with the thought of what was eating and what was the bothersome thing!! As this situation recurred, I finally realized that eating well and being healthy is the way to work well.  

Now, I've been thinking about how to pack three meals without being burdened, so I feel a lot better than before. I often eat caprese salad these days. All you need is mozzarella cheese and tomatoes, so it's good to make it rich. Sometimes, when you want to eat protein, you can add boiled eggs. You can eat it without burden if you finish with olive oil and balsamic vinegar. It's a simple but satisfying menu. It is also good to drink soy milk. I chose soy milk because I couldn't digest milk well, huh? delicious. So, I drink soy milk as a snack. It is important to share and eat because you have to news to make your stomach comfortable.  

I don't want to live long. I just hope you don't get sick while living. Seeing how I cook and eat healthy food with this mind, ah... I think I'm old. But I hate the pain. And every day, I want to do what I planned. So I started taking care of myself.  

