---
title : The Daily Core
subtitle : Story#202010310320
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Energy
 - everyday
 - core
date : 2020-10-31T03:20:09+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1451847251646-8a6c0dd1510c?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
It's not too sharp, so it's making enough traps to endure. What is the resistance that lasts until you get up to sleep and stand on the edge of a cliff while fleeing to sleep? Is it energy saving? Or are you trying to show off your super powers at the last minute? Or self-disability? The easy habits that always followed with the performance of the task, and the appearance of enduring and acting until the end despite being anxious. Wanting fluctuates, but it delays and delays time. It's different from the banal expression of fighting against oneself.  

It is self-walking. Without being able to put free choices into actual action, he easily fell into confusion, inviting himself to confusion. The dilemma created in this way is the inflammatory reaction that swallowed up the identity as a role. It is a protective reaction between regeneration and elimination of harmful stimuli. These are inflammations produced by role armor.  

I tried to use a solution that was very comfortable. That's why it often falls into a trap and fades in everyday life. As soon as I define myself as a role, everything is distorted, so only the idling energy that is uselessly restricting me is filled. If you are seeing the faces you missed, you will admit. But these and that are me. Even though the sides are so pathetic and small, all these things are me.  

It is important to hold the core of your everyday mind. This is knowing what energy use methods to keep awakening so that they are always reminded. And it is to face and play boldly and calmly. But to get the core, you have to think properly. Only then can the action be initiated. And you have to ask what countless possibilities you can imagine and create.  

You have to have your own illusion. It's a sparkle like a beautiful night view that you want to make it a reality, breathtaking and breathtaking. There is no need to make it disappear like a mirage. Trying to take it out. You will have to implement it. Is it so difficult? It is necessary to have the dynamics and movements to expand and capture opportunities by throwing me away so that I can feel the joy of life that I am alive, rather than living sluggishly. Therefore, it is necessary to spread and unfold the daily life of planting, discovering, and deriving situations that support the practice.