---
title : Cream cheese bread and pork belly
subtitle : Story#202010310650
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Empathy Essay
 - Travel
 - Everyday
date : 2020-10-31T06:50:58+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1501785888041-af3ef285b470?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
'When you move next time, please let me know in advance where you are going. I will follow you where you are moving!'  

One day, my best friend J said to me with half a joke and half a truth.  

After graduating from university, even when I lived in Yeonnam-dong for several years, and then when I moved to Kyungnidan  

At the time I moved on, there weren't any shops around them that seemed a bit boring. I was just fascinated by the low monthly rent price and the small alleys at the time, so I decided where to live. Shops selling desserts with a name I've never heard of before came up, and they quickly listed themselves on the list of'must-see dessert shops in Seoul', attracting tourists every weekend.  

Last year, my couple moved to Barcelona. When my husband, more than a dozen years after graduating from graduate school, suddenly asked me to go to the doctoral program,  

He said, ‘A flower that blooms late can be more beautiful.’  

The two of us became unemployed and started living abroad, and because there was no income, we wanted to find a place that could be reached on foot from the campus. The apartment rental fee here, where the whole city is like a tourist destination, was very neglected, and even finding a rental house was not easy. We, as foreigners, didn't have much choice from the beginning.  

After wandering all over the city for a week, I managed to find a house to live in and moved. I couldn't see what the neighborhood was like. I was grateful for just finding a place to unpack within the time given.  

A day or two after moving, I found out. I was also living in a place where famous dessert shops were concentrated. The only difference from where I lived before is that this place was famous long before I moved, but I didn't even know that. Come to think of it, I have never read a travel book in Barcelona. It was the moment when I realized that I was no longer a traveler but a living person.  

'apples and oranges'  

One of the English expressions is'apples and oranges'. It is unsuitable for comparison because some two substances or situations are essentially different, but it is a commonly used expression when a comparison is necessary, and it seems to fit perfectly with the title of this article.  

Cream cheese croissant (mascarpone), a good product of H Bakery, and pancetta, which can be easily purchased at a local mart.  

However, here is another factor in which they have in common, and at the same time, can make a big difference in thought. That's the price.  

A mascarpone croissant and a 600g pancheta pack cost the same at 2.5 euros.  

If the former is the epitome of luxurious desserts, the latter will be a symbol of everyday food for the common people.  

Actually, I'm not the style of eating dessert. So, at first, I thought that the croissant, which makes it easy for tourists to open their wallets, was overly popular, and that the price was too expensive compared to the local price.  

When I bought a mascarpone croissant for the first time, when I first bought a mascarpone croissant, it melted as soon as it reached the tip of my tongue, and my mind flashed at the sweet energy that was transmitted to the brain. .  

It was worth 2.5 euros, and I felt it was worth the time and effort the travelers deliberately came to buy.  

The deep taste is also delicious, but the value of the experience of coming to Barcelona and trying the bread is difficult to value.  

I still go all-in on the main dish rather than the dessert.  

Pancetta lives about twice a week. The price of raw pork belly is really good and thankful for us, who have no choice but to fasten their belts because of their inability to do economic activities.  

Mascarpone is wondering whether to buy once every few months. Very occasionally, Koreans who settled here are invited to eat at their homes and buy them as gifts whenever they have to go.  

Not long ago, when I visited a family who had settled in Barcelona for more than 30 years, the mother of that family, who is over sixty years old, said she had tried mascarpone for the first time. I knew that fame well, but I couldn't go to buy it on purpose to eat it myself. And he said that with that money, pork belly is one pound.  

Still, the bread was so sweet and delicious, and there were deep wrinkles around his eyes, who smiled brightly. All sorts of troubles in immigration life, which would have been undulating, contrasted sharply with the stacked layers of croissants.  

J, who said that he was going to Gangnam with his friend, said he liked desserts and wanted to follow him. Unlike me, who loves sweet and sweet desserts, she flew a long way and went back to buy all the signature menus of the local dessert restaurants. The cool and sweet scent of a traveler sprinkled on me, who was so tired of everyday life, and she flew into her daily life.