---
title : A useful life comes from a useful daily life
subtitle : Story#202010310623
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - question
 - writing
date : 2020-10-31T06:23:13+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1579100884318-4091378d0fc5?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
### #Monthly list  

01 I decided to write to answer this question.  

02 The secret of the writing of "Parting Song"  

03 A good season for ballad viewing  

04 If you want to live a life that beats your heart  

05 How high is your ceiling?  

06 For a greener 2020  

07 Power of empathy  

08: Being an observer of hard reality  

09 A useful life comes from a useful daily life  

#### #10 days per month  

Ten days have already passed since I started writing a month. To celebrate the 10th, the same question was asked to all the monthly writing members:  

Standing at the third point, I look back at myself. I have a determination to write every day, seven articles that contain my thoughts one by one a day, the day I couldn't post, and what part of me changed until today.  

#### #1 Eyes that select what to use  

To write every day means that you have the eyes to select ‘what to write’ in the same repeated life. An eye that finds something useful in the comments made by the DJ on the radio that I heard by chance, the words spoken by a student in front of the bus to a friend over the phone, the expression of his grandfather overlying on the street, and an old photo found while organizing the room. Without those eyes, writing every day is not easy.  

I actually wanted to overcome my feelings that I tried to write but couldn't write, rather than having decided to write a new one when I started writing a month. I wanted to select the things that have to be written out of past events, past thoughts, and past meetings and complete them in writing.  

Some people may ask, What on earth should I write about when nothing special is happening? It's a building that passes every day, people who see it every week, and it's so familiar and full of natural things.  

So I open my eyes. And see me Me 10 days ago. I couldn't use it every day. I didn't have anything to write. And now, 10 days later, I see myself writing 8 articles. I see myself transforming things that I thought about once and then turned into records. Even if no one said it was important, I believed that it was worth writing, and even if no one reads, I read and read again, seeing myself, who sympathized with my heart.  

My eyes have changed.  

The things the eyes look at have changed.  

#### #2 time to organize your writing  

I remember drinking coffee, organizing my schedule for the day, or talking on the phone with a friend. Today, I must post one of my posts! It takes time to write, refine, and organize. Excluding this amount of time, you should spend it completely in writing. My brain already knows that and starts working.  

24 hours a day is equally given to anyone in the world. Some don't get 30 hours and some 16 hours. You and I, we all have 24 hours.  

On the other days, except for the 8th day, when I did not post, I sat at my desk in the afternoon or in the evening to write, refine, organize, and press the publish button. I focused on it more than anything else.  

Meanwhile, I realized the importance of time. It was a time I could spend without doing anything, but I wrote. This time is being used for writing. My mind, mind, and body were sensing this. I thought that I should spend only 5 minutes or an hour or any length of time.  

Then, my attitude toward time has changed.  

Even myself, who spends precious time writing, has come to value.  

#### #3 A space to enjoy the joy of sharing  

Brunch is a public writing platform, so an unspecified number of people come to read my writing. #Members of the monthly writing community also follow the shared link to brunch and view my writing. I do not know how to interpret and accept the story I want to tell, but through the comments left, I know that there are people who sympathize with my story.  

Even as I write my ninth article, I'm still cautious, but I'm feeling the joy that comes from sharing my thoughts little by little.  

I have thought that walking alone without any interference and without any conflict is more efficient and has a good time-to-period effect. Even though I was a little lonely, I believed that the side was much wise. As I wrote, that thought changed.  

We are enjoying that going together and sharing enriches our lives.  

The reason I didn't know the joy that comes from sharing was that I couldn't afford to enjoy the daily life and joy to share. When I open my eyes to see the world and value the time given to me, I think I know what the joy of sharing is.  

My standards for sharing have changed.  

It has been changed to a heart that can enjoy the joy that comes from sharing.  

Changes in life are changes in everyday life  

The next 20 days are the rest of the month's writing, but also the last days of 2019. 2019 will end with a little more vivid feeling as each day passes. What will I be looking for in 2020 as a person who has changed and has grown up?  

If you want to change your life, your routine must change first. Today's day, this evening's time, this moment must first change. If you want to create a life that you write, let's create a daily life that you write first. #When I tried to write a month and pushed myself into writing, I found out that writing a month was an attempt to change my daily life into writing, not something else.  

If you want to live some kind of life, let's change today's day with that kind of routine first.  

A life full of gratitude begins with a daily life full of gratitude,  

Original and creative life comes from that day.  

The monthly writing was ultimately up to the day. At this very moment when I and you live.  

Sources:  

Cover image by Sebastien Gabriel  

Caption images by Rob Laughter, Drew Coffman, Toa Heftiba, Kelly Sikkema