---
title : Hello?
subtitle : Story#202010310347
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Sunday
 - cheering
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-31T03:47:39+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1499033172095-4fae16093a0b?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Hello? Last Mother's Day, in my heart, I prayed to support all the parents, especially parents. On weekends, on the days I took care of my children at home all day, in the evening, I always suffer from'feeling that I am gone' and my heart feels depressed. Thinking of other good things, I love and respect my parents who overcame and endured countless times.  

The last post I wrote in February has happened a lot in the meantime. Several extensions of school opening and the first online school experience for everyone... Even as a private elementary school teacher, there were many difficult things. I sometimes went to the private elementary school mom cafe to check the trends of the private elementary school parents, and as a private elementary school teacher, I wanted to write something that felt like a position statement about this situation. However, I was getting too busy with the start of online school, and I was also taking brunch for a while because I was more cautious. (I'm still writing, half a good heart, half a burden...That's right.) Nevertheless, I was curious and grateful that there were people who read my brunch articles consistently.  

There was a competition called EBS I'm a writer, so I'll start'brunch' again with this opportunity. The theme of the contest is'beginning'. Today, which is Sunday, is the deadline. Two hours were given to me, the mother of three children! With the determination to write it within 2 hours and finish it even if I don't like it >_< At first, I tried to write a post with the title of'How to use this couple's time' with my husband and me, but it was ambiguous to suddenly change the atmosphere of my brunch, so I decided to go back to the starting point. I wanted to write about this topic as well, so I'm happy to start.