---
title : Everyday cooking and Erbendorf
subtitle : Story#202010310416
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - German
 - Munich
 - Homemade cuisine
date : 2020-10-31T04:16:22+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1577828762807-47e4a26b5529?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
0526 TUE  

Nowadays, it's become commonplace to cook with a friend next door. A friend introduced an app called 'KptnCook'. It's the salmon dish that came out there, and it's very simple to make, healthy and delicious.  

The ingredients you need are salmon, broccoli, ginger, milk or coconut milk, salt, pepper and various spices. After trimming the broccoli and ginger, put an appropriate amount of milk in a heated pan and cook. Broccoli, cooked in milk, becomes savory and soft. After 8 minutes, put the salmon on top. Add various spices and season it.  

As I cooked salmon frequently, I had fewer days to remember beef or pork. Strangely, I can't think of it at all. Somehow, I'm eating a Pesco vegetarian. I didn't intend to, but it feels like eating a little ethically, so I feel at ease.  

Since I ate lunch, I made a caprese salad to make dinner simple. Cut mozzarella cheese and tomatoes to make it easier to eat and arrange them nicely. Make balsamic vinegar by mixing balsamic and vinegar. Sprinkle balsamic vinegar and pepper on top to finish.  

0527 WED  

Tuna romaine lettuce salad. Slice two romaine lettuce and add three cans of tuna without oil. Slice one mini onion, add the balsamic vinegar, pepper, and salt that you have made beforehand, and mix it all. It is a meal that is so delicious, reliable, and full. The taste that comes to mind from time to time.  

0528 THU  

As I ate salmon and tuna often, I forgot the pork in the refrigerator. Bake it with onions before going bad  

0529 FRI  

I heard my hobby of eating various salads. Grilled tofu salad today! Originally, eggplants also had to be baked and eaten, but when I went to the mart, I made them with ingredients that were all away.  

First, drain the tofu and cut it into cubes. Sprinkle with salt and mix, then pickle for 10 minutes. In the meantime, let's make a dressing. 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, half a small onion, 1 tablespoon honey, pepper and salt. After drying the tofu, mix with pepper and olive oil. Put the tofu on a pan and grill over low heat. Cut the cherry tomatoes, mix them with baby vegetables and dressing, and put the grilled tofu on it.  

One tablespoon of honey in the dressing was small, but it played a big role.  

0602 TUE  

I came to my friend's village, Erbendorf. A mysterious window in a friend's room. It looks like this from the inside of the window on the roof that only appeared in the movie. It was nice to see the sunlight and the sky well. It's a window with a good view of the sky, so I guess I liked it.  

A picture taken because pretty flowers were blooming in the garden next door to my friend. It seems very romantic to have a small garden in each house.  

In the evening, I went hiking with my friend's friend. Both of my friends are attending college in Munich, and they said they've been friends since kindergarten. Since I was young, I was very good at the situation because I had been hiking like going to a playground. Before leaving, I was told to bring socks and several sets of clothes, and when I arrived at the hut, I was told to change clothes. He said that if you wear clothes that were sweaty, you will freeze soon.  

I walked an hour and a half into the woods and ate them on a very high hut. The combination of ham, cheese and bread was so delicious. Olive too. One of the sauces my friend brought was tomato basil paste, and it was very delicious just to dip it on bread. Who says German food doesn't taste good!  

The weather wasn't very sunny and there weren't many lights, so it wasn't a breathtaking view, but it was a fun and amazing experience with friends. I am just grateful to my friends who gave me a new experience.  

Yamae Korean food I made for my friend and younger brother on the last day. Originally, I was going to make bibimbap that my friend likes, but I couldn't make it because there was no gochujang. The highlight of bibimbap is gochujang, but it was regrettable because it was a small town where you couldn't even get doenjang.  

The menu I chose while thinking was the tuna mushroom pancake and soy sauce butter rice! Cut the pumpkin, onion and green onion into small pieces. Chop the garlic as well. Tuna drain water. Combine egg, pepper and salt in a bowl and mix. Remove the base of the mushrooms and sprinkle with flour. Put the tuna dough on the base of the mushroom and marinate it slightly. Put olive oil in a pan and bake it golden. It goes perfectly well with chili sauce. It's not perfect Korean food, but I was fortunate that my friend and my friend's brother liked it.  

0605 FRI  

A home cafe opened at a friend's house. It was cute to see a friend's younger brother making coffee while excited that he bought an Italian espresso machine. While looking at the sky through the windows on the roof and listening to the chirping of a sparrow, the gentle wind comes through the windows. A warm sip of Americano. It was a typical happy moment. You're lucky to be able to feel this?  

The day I returned to Munich from my friend's house. Grilled salmon and fried onions. Onions are delicious anytime you fry them!  

0606 SAT  

A little lonely pasta because I eat it alone. Boil the pasta noodles. After grilling the garlic, fry the onion and put the pasta noodles and sauce in a pan. It's been a while since I'm alone, so I eat pasta while studying for nothing.  

0609 TUE  

Eat the remaining salmon. I ate it using powdered sauce. And baked various vegetables. Onions, carrots, and mushrooms were roasted, and salmon was put on top and then melted. Remove the mushrooms and carrots and bake more onions and salmon. Add the powdered sauce and pour a little water. Yesterday, I took out olives with garlic that I bought at Big Two's Market and baked bread. The powdered sauce salmon dish tasted more fantastic than I thought.  

0611 THU  

Yesterday my friend next door returned to Munich. When we were together, we cooked spinach salmon, which we usually eat. Cooking is always led by a friend, so I don't know the exact recipe, but this is what I remember. In one pan, add olive oil, fry onions, and mash salmon and fry. Put the frozen spinach on the pan to melt it and pour the milk until the spinach is submerged. I think it was okay to add milk and cream. Lastly, I think I put the fried onions and salmon!  

If you eat it with pasta or baguette, a very luxurious food is completed. I need to ask my friend for the recipe again.  

And the recipe I asked again. Cut the onion. Coat the olive oil and bake the onions. Remove the onion into the bowl. In the same pan, put a little more olive oil and bake the salmon. When the salmon is done, add garlic. Add herbs, spices, salt and pepper to the salmon. Put the spinach in another pan and melt it. Put all the ingredients in a pan with spinach and cook. Finally, add milk and wait! It is delicious even if you add milk and cream together.  

Make dinner simple! A sensational dinner made with a caprese salad and served with Rendjeger, butter cheese, whole wheat bread, and olives. These days, you feel that no matter what kind of food you eat, who you eat with, what you talk about and what you eat enhances the flavor of the food. Thank you for having many dinners with me that can make you lonely if you eat alone, my friend.  

0614 SUN  

Lunch made with pasta and boiled Weißtwurst. It's not even a weekday, so why was this day so busy? A friend explained that Weißtwurst is not cooked and eaten, but boiled and eaten softly. Being quite typical Bavaria food. According to tradition, Weißtwurst should be eaten with Weißbier before 13:00. And the most important sauce! When he found that sauce in my refrigerator, he was very proud that I was his friend. He said he seemed to have had a good influence as a Bavarian. That's a traditional sauce. I bought it because I needed whole grain mustard sauce without much thought.  

Instead of using our home ingredients, a friend made egg scrambled for dinner. Egg scrambled eggs with mushrooms, tomatoes and onions in mind! It's because I use a lot of spices, so I feel like I cook better than I do. If he knows that, his friend tries to cook himself as the main chef. Still, cooking is better than before, but when I look at my previous dishes, I wonder how it will react.