---
title : Spring Flowers
subtitle : Story#202010310806
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Spring flowers
 - everyday
 - film
date : 2020-10-31T08:06:32+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1548280434-4ca916a5891b?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Spring has come.  

I thought I lost my daily life due to Corona 19  

The natural world was running as it was.  

If it was the same as before, it was loud and loud  

It's time to let you know when the spring flowers bloom, and to let out the cherry blossom viewing crowded with people...  

Now it seems to spend the spring quietly with a depressed heart  

But the better thing about this is that spring as it is...  

It is probably because they are more delighted with the news of spring itself.  

Three signs of the beginning of spring  

First, a warm and beautiful light  

The small cherry trees in the garden in front of the house were in full bloom.  

Essential for photography, seeing and capturing light...  

When the warm spring comes... This soft but warm light makes things more objectionable  

It makes the viewer have a warm heart.  

Second, the unexpressible color of spring flowers  

I use the Fuji x-pro2 mirrorless camera as my main focus, but I can't forget the sensibility of the film... I capture my daily life with a film camera.  

This is because I think it is film photography that makes the most photographic.  

I think film photography is the most beautiful color expression.  

However, the color of spring flowers, the very beauty, seems to be as difficult to capture as what you see with your eyes...  

The photo above was also captured softly, softly and intensely, but I couldn't express all the feelings I saw with my eyes.  

So I wonder if it is compulsively capturing spring flowers.  

Spring will pass quickly, so let's put that color hard. Don't forget...  

Third, the laundry that dries well on the veranda  

To finish it fun... I built it.  

But it's real!  

When I see the dry laundry in the sunlight on the veranda... I think spring has come.  

(But the fact that your new dryer dries everything...)  

Spring has come so quickly,  

It is true that it is difficult to properly enjoy spring due to the corona crisis.  

But as spring is not far away,  

How about enjoying the day while noticing the feast of spring that permeates my daily life...  

However, spring should be treated like spring.  

That way, spring is not sad...  

With the warm light as a friend,  

With beautiful spring flowers as your lover,  

Make dry laundry an eye candy.  

How about running this spring!