---
title : How to Overcome the Daily Slump
subtitle : Story#202010310456
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Slump
 - Overcome
 - Everyday
date : 2020-10-31T04:56:00+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1455044372794-d981761b5bc6?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
What is my own way to overcome the daily slump?  

Seeing this subject Jayoung delivered to me, I remembered myself struggling to study these days.  

This is because this is the most difficult period of the year, when I have been studying for exams for about 5 months from the beginning of the year. As a result, when I study, my level of confidence becomes jagged every day.  

This is because sometimes I feel pathetic to myself, who can't even answer the test questions, and when I solve the problems well, I feel confident, saying 'Oh, it's worth it?'  

If you see someone from the side, it's very weird, you might think, "I think that's what I myself these days.  

Still, there is a way to overcome the slump (?) in this jumble period, which is planning.  

Hope and self-confidence often come back when I just draw on my future plans.  

When I think about it, it seems that it was a plan to bring me out of my daily life.  

(Wouldn't everyone be excited if they plan their future trips? Planning any plan seems to give hope and courage haha)  

This is because at the moment of making a plan, everything is going well according to the plan, and I feel like it will be in good shape.  

The most important thing when making a plan is to be as convincing as possible.  

It's important to be as specific as possible, because if you think about it, it's important to be as specific as possible because the atmosphere dies because you decide that this plan is unlikely to actually work. The more concretely you can imagine, the higher your confidence and expectations.  

In particular, there are many cases when imagining, and it is quite fun to think about the virtual future that will create such a number of cases.  

Creating a process like this gives the impression that dopamine is produced in the head and adrenaline is erupting. That feeling becomes the driving force of the day.  

Nowadays, I am delighted through this process of planning, implementing, evaluating, and revising.  

It seems that the slump is overcome with a short term.  

Of course, there may be a long slump that cannot be overcome, but the short slump that has been through this year has been overcome by this method.  

And (it may sound sad, but...!) There are so many to-dos in front of my eyes these days, so I don't have time to think about a long term.  

But there are times like this, and maybe there are times like that?  

I believe that as we go through the things that are ahead of us, there will come a time when we will not think of a slump.  

I believe this will pass, too, and I hope that everyone who reads this article will be fighting!  