---
title : Annual salary of 500 non-regular workers
subtitle : Story#202010310738
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Graduate School
 - Doctorate
 - Professor
date : 2020-10-31T07:38:14+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1547627219-b67ccc5f6dab?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
It is said that if a boy does something wrong, he goes to juvenile center, and if a college student makes a mistake, he goes to graduate school. This kind of humor has been around for a long time. When I was in my Masters, I laughed at Simpson's Bart. (Did you cry?...)  

That's why I think I feel sorry for the situation of graduate students in any era. As a result of my master's and doctoral experience in graduate school for over 10 years, it seems that the reason for the sad situation of graduate students can be seen as three main things.  

There is no time. I have no money. No achievement  

This means working long hours, earning less, and spending long periods without promise. Let's take a closer look at the life of a graduate school student.  

How long do you work?  

I wrote about a very ordinary day. On other days, I do individual research for undergraduate students, lecture in class, attend classes, attend graduate school events, rap events, meet friends, go home, and watch movies. In my case, this is the case, but in the case of the lab next to us, the professor was too busy, so some friends met with the professor at 1 am. Of course, most engineering colleges that do experiments have to spend more day and night. My roommate, who was in the biology department, couldn't come into the room 2-3 times a week. I sleep mainly on weekends. The weekend doesn't mean you don't go to rap. Even on weekends, I usually go to rap after lunch. The professor is also coming (....). And during the vacation, I had about two weeks of vacation. During the rest of the year, the school holds lab seminars, prepares for conferences, and holds individual meetings with professors for personal thesis and journal articles.  

How much do you get?  

And I received about 400,000 won per month. (Annual salary 500...) I know that a rap with a lot of projects still earns from 100 to 200. (The upper limit of the school I attended was 250.) Until I was in graduate school, I couldn't get help from my parents, so I did about 2 tutoring on average. This is because I had to pay for the dormitory and tuition that I had to pay every semester. The 400,000 won received at school was used for living expenses such as food and communication expenses. At this time, I used a lot of used clothing stores. When I saw friends who also carry their own cars under the generous support of my parents, life felt a bit difficult. Still, since it was a national university (similar), tuition and dormitory fees were cheap, so I had no other student loans except for working as a general public afterwards. (The tuition fee for students living as full-time teaching assistants with the general public is almost 10 times different).  

How long will it take?  

In fact, even though I have been like this, I can withstand the first and second years of my master's or doctoral degree. I don't think the hill is far away. However, graduation is getting late and things get harder with fewer and fewer things you can feel accomplishment. In particular, I have to publish my thesis in a journal, but if I am rejected, I will suffer tremendous stress. About 3 people received psychological counseling only in our lab, and more than 2 people slept on sleeping pills. I felt at this point that it wasn't so good for my life to continue experiencing failures for a very long period of time. After that, I have to keep thinking about my career path.  

The fact that all of this does not mean that you work hard does not seem to make it difficult. Even though I couldn't sleep every day, I couldn't write a thesis, but there were some motives that couldn't graduate because I couldn't meet the graduation requirements. This is the case in the social science field where journal publication is difficult, and I think engineering school is a little different. There are many things that the professor does not allow him to graduate even if he cannot write his thesis and meets the requirements because he suffers from tremendous experiments. Raps with experiments seemed to have a little culture between seniors and juniors, and there were many trends. I can't experiment alone, and there are a lot of things to learn. In the United States, there was a case of killing a professor who did not give a degree for 19 years, and there was public opinion that it was self-defense.  

My school didn't have a doctorate, but there were a lot of stories about the quality of life of graduate students, so if I couldn't graduate within a few years, it was a disadvantage to the professor. If they couldn't graduate within that deadline, the students would be expelled at all.  

In addition, conversations between family and friends who have never attended graduate school or who have attended graduate school, where graduation is relatively easy, gradually stifle graduate students. After years of hearing from friends and family telling me where to go and why I still can't graduate, I sometimes stop seeing them. (I did...)  

"When do you graduate?"  

"God only knows"  

"Aren't you writing the thesis right away? Isn't it just enough to write it? A month?"  

"Hahaha (you try it out)"  

In summary, when you go to graduate school, you have no time, no money and it takes a long time.  

If you can handle all of these things, try graduate school! (Huh?) I think the more important part of this life is whether research is good or bad. (I'll organize my articles on research as well!) I didn't understand anything like this. At the beginning of my master's degree, I was very angry with the professor because I did not know this. (My rap was the No. 1 master's degree) Afterwards, I realized about my graduate school life, ended my personal life, and became a built-in rap for peace to come. Anyway, research is done with the ass, and it takes time. After the juniors came in, in order to change various irrational cultures, I spoke to the professor, and the professor also changed a lot because the annual year increased and there was room. Nowadays, "Late is~" comes out, so I put up with it and consult with my juniors.  

If you can handle all of these things, try graduate school! (Huh?) I think the more important part of this life is whether research is good or bad. (I'll organize my articles on research as well!) I didn't understand anything like this. At the beginning of my master's degree, I was very angry with the professor because I did not know this. (My rap was the No. 1 master's degree) Afterwards, I realized about my graduate school life, ended my personal life, and became a built-in rap for peace to come. Anyway, research is done with the ass, and it takes time. After the juniors came in, in order to change various irrational cultures, I spoke to the professor, and the professor also changed a lot because the annual year increased and there was room. Nowadays, "Late is~" comes out, so I put up with it and consult with my juniors.  

Probably, those who are destined to go to graduate school will be driven by something, even if they know all these things. So, if you want to keep going to graduate school, please read various articles, but think of the good things as possible and try to develop your physical strength and mental strength (?) Good luck!