---
title : Spanish daily life that still eats well
subtitle : Story#202010310600
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Spain
 - food
 - gourmet
date : 2020-10-31T06:00:04+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1526859502068-e4cfc3d3fa72?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I came to San Sebastian, the gastronomic city, but I still eat at home. You can eat delicious pincho (meaning a simple food that is easy to eat lightly, and pincho in the style of putting ingredients on a baguette) for a price of around 3 euros, but I like rice (rice). I haven't been to this city yet, so I sometimes bought pinchos while looking around the streets.  

The story of eating well in July of 2019  

One of my favorite foods is kimbap. One day, M-kun invited me to come to eat kimbap, and I was excited to buy something to drink. After a while, you can eat Kimbap! I occasionally made kimbap at home, but the rice served by others is delicious  

Fuet is a kind of ham made from pork. It's dried, so you can slice it like this. Compared to Jamong and Chorizo, it is not well known in Korea, but it has a less salty taste and a little more savory, so I buy it once. I ate too much lunch on this day, so I ended up drinking a can of beer with a pooet for dinner.  

Are there any Koreans who hate Tteokbokki? (Maybe) If you only get the rice cake, the simple and tasty Tteokbokki is made almost regularly, and it is one food that you eat. Even now, more than a year later, I am always overeating because I can't match the amount well.  

When you don't have a particularly appetite and are bothered with cooking, make noodles with soy sauce and sesame oil. If there are kimchi left in the house...  

I like noodles, ramen, and naengmyeon, but 'bibim ramen' wasn't very popular. I had doubts about S's saying that bibim ramen always pulls in the summer, but when I tried his bibim ramen, my mind changed. Whether it's soup ramen or bibim ramen, S is a chef who doesn't just eat ordinary  

Spring summer is the season to manage the fat in autumn and winter. On days when I couldn't stand and ate a full lunch, I would eat half a bowl of rice while reflecting on dinner. (I love carbohydrates, so reducing the amount of carbohydrates is key) This was the same day. Carbohydrates, whether rice or potatoes, were removed from the bowl  

The days when I went to Vienna, Austria for a friend's wedding, my stomach was very good. While it is difficult to find a good Chinese restaurant in San Sebastian, there are various Asian restaurants as well as Korean supermarkets in the capital and large cities. I took off the reins for a while and ate the food in excitement. The number one among them is definitely Gamjatang  

July, his birthday, is also the time to make a cake once a year. I haven't used an oven in my life, so I still can't think of using it. Last year, at this time of year, I made a sweet potato cake with a rice cooker, and this year, I made a crepe cake with a thin hot cake.  

One day, I was invited to socialedad and ate seafood really hard. Sociedad, an important culture in northern Spain, will be introduced in a separate article soon.