---
title : A Word of Warm Word
subtitle : Story#202010310336
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Couple
 - newlyweds
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-31T03:36:12+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1584410802135-038c9b9bca15?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Kind word  

There is nothing for granted between a couple.  

When commuting to work, send a message at all times to say hello and suffer, and express that you are grateful for the cost of living that your husband pays for each paycheck.  

Because it’s not natural for my husband to earn money.  

The same goes for my husband, after I did the dishes, when I was preparing breakfast, when I was bringing clothes, he said thank you. It seems like a small event that doesn't take much time and lasts a long time. When I hit someone, like apology as a habit, or as a habit of saying thank you, my heart feels infinitely warm.  

At the time, it flowed like water, so it sounded like a natural word, but when the housekeeper is at home alone, the outsider is chewed when it is difficult to work.  

Then you can overcome the difficult things a little faster.  

Couple fight  

Is there any dissonance between the couples, big and small, how to pass once like a storm.  

There are things that do not fit each other. This may be irreconcilable, so there are times when you are faced with problems that cannot be solved without being sacrificed by anyone. The starting point of a fight is that when a conflict arises, it cannot be resolved in textbooks such as'I'm sorry','I'm sorry too','Let's get along'. This is because individual habits and values conflict. Interestingly, it is the fact that the part is converging due to the explosion of the conflict. Of course, the way the conflict is poured out is as diverse as the number of households, but it is the same as the process in which the pupae of the conflict hatch into butterflies.  

The honeymoon period (though the definition of the period is different), which is the time when castings that will never melt like iron boiling in a furnace boil, and if you beat it for a long time, the best iron comes out.  

It seems like when did it look different.  

My husband, who has a lot of sleep and is lazy and has healthy lifestyle habits, becomes more and more early-morning human beings because of his work at work.  

Staying at home is just like a hippopotamus who eats up quickly, as long as it doesn't rot, my husband eats a spare  

The two of them were very excited to meet each other on weekends when they saw their faces wrong.  

(Well, that's why I fought a lot about three times, but I can't even imagine a screaming fight because my husband is calm.)  

So, let's get to know why the wind storm is sounding before the wind storm is sounding because there are friends, family, or nobody in an isolated environment like an island. Let's just sit down and talk about it in the basin, and we have reached a level where the water level can be adjusted so that the emotions are not hurt.  

Just accepting each other's desired attitude of life, the honeymoon adjustment period ended.  

My husband, who likes to tell me and manage one by one, endures nagging like a mother (sometimes I respond too much), and the husband says the same nagging 3 times every day, and the same wife who follows the same nagging as Kong Soon (sleeping when sleeping and eating when feeding) Thank you for reducing your stride. Since the seemingly insignificant things gathered day by day, I wondered if everyone was married and said they were happy to have fun in this useless place.  

The conclusion is that there is a dialogue that resolves the conflict, so it is good while fighting. Every day I just laugh and play, and then I get serious, get upset, and after I loosen, I feel the thrill of seeing the cynical side, so there is no need for a horror movie. Marriage is a crazy thing, but it seems like it is a marriage to meet with each other and pretend to be sane.  

P.S. If the long time of the Longie couple is over soon, and we're stuck together so that Boredom can come and see... (The corona will go away)