---
title : Small daily life is more beautiful than famous paintings
subtitle : Story#202010310728
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - famous paintings
 - and toe mask lounge fair
date : 2020-10-31T07:28:41+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1483335804860-bd5af47981aa?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
For the first time this year, I saw light piled up snow. The eyes were not on the bright moon. A place where there was no hasty step, I was in the shady and shady shade so that only the one who cleared the voice of bluff with bluff and walked away after tranquility and tranquility could only see. Under the wall of a tranquil mountain temple, there was a lot of gatherings on the back of the building where the wind could feel cold. There was a place where only bored sparrows came to greet with their beaks, and a stone chair made by tapping with a pin with a flat stone plate in the middle was all around. During the winter, the sun and the moon one day, sparrows and crows one day, wind and snow met each other, and drank a cup of snow-green tea from a monk?  

Neruya, I want to talk to someone over a cup of tea. How to simmer dry Hwangtae Haejangguk coolly, how to save dry flowers even if you grind egg shells, news of a mart selling paprika and pork belly, news of a house moving to a newly built apartment, etc. I want to share. Out of the window, in the crowd of the city walking around, wearing a mask, sticking a hand in a pocket, looking straight ahead, I see a great loneliness. The scary thing about a virus hurts you, but I learned that it can make all the little things you share with your neighbors and friends disappear. I have a painful realization that it is very important to eat together. Even today, it's a table that I eat alone, and I want to invite laughter to the empty seat opposite. Open a light and pleasant menu and read it aloud. Oh, this would be great. 'Picture thief'.  

Neruya, you, have you seen this picture?  

Neruya, you, have you seen this picture?  

Rene Magritte's father worked in the clothing industry in Belgium, and his mother made and sold hats before marriage, so the gentleman in this suit is also called Rene's self-portrait. But I'll tell you more about Rene Magritte later. Today, I will show you various pictures from the movie "Thomas Crown Affair", which steals pictures and loves using this anonymity. This film is a romantic mystery style, featuring the intense brain game of'Thomas Crown', who is about a millionaire or a billionaire, and'Catherine Banning', an insurance company employee over the theft of pictures. 'Thomas Crown', a man who has everything except sincerity, steals a painting from the museum.  

Monet's picture. It's "Venetian's Cathedral in the Sunset".  

It is the work that opens the beginning of the early Impressionism. When you float the waves in the work with your palm, you know that a red poetry burst in your hand. The canvas expands infinitely with the rhythm of the waves passing through your fingers. The building you can see is the Cathedral of San Giorgio Maggiore in Venice. It was said that Monet took a brush while traveling in Venice in 1908 and completed it in 1912. To avoid suspicion, Thomas, who stole the painting, performs a performance of donating Pizarro's work instead of the stolen Monet's painting. Then shall we see Pizarro's painting  

Pizarro is the only painter who was able to move Paul Cezanne, famous for his tough temper and stubbornness. You can be called the eldest brother of the Impressionists. Because of his warm character, I think he was Haydn in the music world. It was kind and gentle to everyone. He has a sensitive antennae, so he carefully grasps the changes in art that are different from the existing flow. Sometimes he abandoned his style and tried to make drastic changes. The day will come to introduce his paintings.  

When a painting is stolen, Catherine Banning, an employee of an insurance company specializing in artwork, participates in the investigation. She finds out that this theft is Thomas Crown's'game'. She cuts the middle of time with a sharp razor called intelligence and finds a hidden password. She is truly a fascinating character. In addition, his heart, where intelligence and emotion collide, and his smooth legs like a fish tail, and his dignity not to hide his physical desires were enough to drive the ship of frivolous culture into that Venetian sea. It seems that her hot eyes are a little meager as the adverb of'Eagle Eagle'. As she walks around the museum, a few works that appear like cameos made her eyes happy. Take a look.  

Whose do you think this statue belongs to? It's a 14-year-old young dancer, sculpted by Edgar Degas, a painter that comes to mind when you think of'ballet'. Degas had severe amblyopia, and by the end of his life, he had almost lost his sight. But like a well-forged knife, his gaze was deep and sharp, and the conventional beauty of the world was cut at once. He used his eyes as a lens to record the times. Monet's "The Woman with a Parasol", the author of the stolen work, also comes out for a while. Monet lived contemporaneously with Degas and, like Degas, was almost blind in his later years. Was it the limit of'real name' for the painter? Was it an honor? In the days when they were more brilliant than jewels, the Persian miniatures who recorded the grand drama of the empire knew their real name as a gift from God. In "My Name Is Red", a novel about the story of a miniature painter, I say this.  

'Picture is the work of finding out how God viewed the world. In the end, it means that the beauty that God saw is completed in the artist's memory only after the artist's eyes are blind. When the sight of God is revealed in the darkness of blindness, you practice your hand throughout your life so that you can draw without seeing its beauty.'  

One more thing, an intense work is a surprise appearance. It's Tamara de Lempica's Adam and Eve. Tamara's work seems to float on a bronze surface and lay it on a canvas. Even with a thousand paintings, her characteristics are clearly revealed. She was born in Poland and earned her name for her work of painting portraits of celebrities with her outstanding beauty and talent. Since then, she opened up a world of art that reveals her unique sensibility.  

Like Adam and Eve, they are in love. He said that love and cold cannot be hidden. The line "I believe in you" is a pitiful cough of a lover who is already suffering from deep inside the other person. Thomas wants to bring the painting back to the museum for her. And I use the gentleman in René Magritte's suit. Everyone was Thomas, and nobody was Thomas. I remember what the fox said to the little prince.  

"You're just a boy for me, no different from so many other boys, so I don't need you, you don't need me. If you tame me, I will be the only one in the world to you."  

Many gentlemen wore bowler hats, white shirts, red ties, and neat coats, but only one Thomas was tamed by Catherine. And for Catherine, he's the only suit-clad gentleman in the world. Nehru sees what happened to their love and tells her mother.  

At this point, I'll tell you the OST of this movie, Sting's'The Windmills of Your Mind'. There is a lot of jazz in it, so you can feel Katherine Banning's shaking heart. 'Like a key clinking in your pocket, words just linger in your head, and why did summer pass so fast? Like a circle in the windmill of your heart'  

Neruya, you've finished lunch. I cleaned the table, washed the dishes and made coffee. As if the TV that was turned on yesterday has not been turned off, the same news, darker news, sat on the sofa before my mother. Mom still drinks coffee by herself. But not long ago, my mom will go to the cinema with her friends. I will also go to the cafe. You'll go and tell you what happened last winter and how many people threw nets of concessions and sacrifices struggling to save their precious lives. You'll find that listening to music on the subway, running through the park with a friend, or having a drink with a coworker is more beautiful than any masterpiece.  

Although we are listening to the pictures in the movie now, let's go see the white snow piled up in the shade of the mountain temple together after defeating the virus. Let's listen and listen to the white snow who has forgotten about the coming of spring to wait for us and speak silently. Then, shall we drink tea with the leaves grown in the forest on the acorn shell that the squirrel bites and eats in a stone chair?