---
title : Cooking, everyday, remodeling
subtitle : Story#202010110948
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Cooking
 - everyday
 - remodeling
date : 2020-10-11T09:48:01+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1600871648600-89dd8d71f2d0?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
These days we are pretty chubby.  

Had it been a fairy tale about Hansel and Gretel, the witch would have thought it was time to eat us.  

What made us feel in pain?  

At a short question, a number of meetings, like a movie film, passed in my head.  

I did. From December until now, my mouth has rarely stopped (including talking and eating).  

Housewarming of people who couldn't come to the housewarming last year, year-end party, and cooking group with people at the reading group on the first floor.  

Is that all that? Since last week, my younger brother has been taking a pastry class, and I have even been taking an Italian cooking class.  

The purpose of this writing today is to summarize the home party menus so far, and to start on a diet with a new mind from tomorrow (?).  

1. Younger brother's housewarming  

The main menu is a salad of ratatouille and burata cheese, which I learned from Mr. Y, a reading group. And it was smoked salmon roll. (This is take-out at the restaurant)  

The tomato sauce added to Ratatouille will be made by stirring slowly until two o'clock in the morning with a younger brother on a winter day. Unlike the tomato sauce sold on the market, it was a bit boring, but eating ratatouille was very delicious.  

2. Reading group year-end party  

The menu was udon and odentang. After using only the mother's mark, anchovy powder, this time I tried using katsuobushi soup.  

After preparing several types of oden and king sausage, I sat down with the people at the reading group and put oden on the skewers as they felt. I feel it every time, but sticking oden is really honey.  

3. Cooking group 2nd_Make dumplings  

Since the members of the cooking group need energy dissipation, I tried to choose a food that takes a lot of hands after the first kimjang.  

There were three types of dumplings: juicy meat dumplings, kimchi dumplings (we use kimchi kimchi), and vegan style dumplings. The shape of the dumplings is also different. So it was good.  

4. Cooking Meeting Part 3_ Opened Banmi with Tom Yang Kung  

Making Thai cuisine started with Mr. Y's instant proposal. It is only surprising that our house had all kinds of condiments necessary for Thai cuisine.  

5. Carrot muffins made by my younger brother  

I made it in the confectionery class and brought it with me. It was the taste that I thought of the Jeju Gujwa Store Association carrot cake.  

As it is arranged in this way, it is rather appreciated that even the chin line is left.  

Posting ends today, reminding me of the words of the Buddhist monk Falun that you should do well with just one hard 'regulation' to diet.