---
title : Corona, everyday, photo
subtitle : Story#202010111144
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - everyday
 - photo
date : 2020-10-11T11:44:21+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1599277062739-e1878f97c79a?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
"Corona, stopping our daily life"  

The aftermath of Corona 19 brought tremendous changes to individuals and society.  

I, my neighbors, and my family are all living a difficult routine. This time like a war...  

Nevertheless, of this change  

I want to find the positive part.  

Photography always reflects the times.  

It corrects the wrong times  

That we should be able to give hope beyond that situation..  

I want to share the daily routines that some coronas have changed.  

One, a clear, fine dust-free sky  

The corona crisis, which started in China, changed their daily lives:  

Because it was a socialist country, it was blocked by blockade, repression, and coercion.  

Numerous factories would have shut down..  

So is that so... There is no fine dust that has always come more intensely than flowers in spring.  

The sky is clear. Paradoxically  

Wearing a mask and breathing good air.  

Two, our lifeline, a mask?  

Everyone wears masks in the name of protecting each other.  

The same is true of me and my family.  

Mask Daeran... You know, even if you don't say it because you've been through it.  

So, sometimes when I couldn't get a mask, I dried it like that..  

Such a landscape. When will it be possible again?  

Three, an empty school, an empty playground  

The school was empty, and the playground was empty.  

Children are only at home  

I'm tired of seeing the children in the park.  

The children look good. I have a lot of time to spend with my family...  

The irony is that children don't get sick  

Is it also an institutional problem?  

As such, the era goes beyond industrialization and globalization,  

Now, when we talk about the 4th industrial revolution...  

The daily life stops and the advent of a new life  

Forming a new paradigm...  

However, children play more creatively  

Four, time to be together  

I got time to be together.  

When can my family be together like this?  

Hahahahaha  

Just laugh  

Whether you want to laugh or cry  

Korea, not all moms and dads in the world, no grandma and grandfathers will  

Five, children's small success and small step success  

As a bonus...  

My son is riding a two-legged bike  

And Taekwondo kick increased  

I did 10 jump ropes and up to 40  

Football came to do free kicks and dribbles.  

I only looked at the positive,  

There are also many negatives.  

Not only social issues but also personal and family history.. It is full of difficult things.  

But I can’t see only good things  

Spend this time with gratitude with affirmation  

I'm not a politician's negative  

Because it's negative on the film  