---
title : Daily life, individual, others
subtitle : Story#202010111118
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - individual
 - others
date : 2020-10-11T11:18:55+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1573412930091-cc65eb8f537d?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I have to do better with my family.  

From a year or two ago, conversations almost disappeared. I avoided sitting face to face and eating together because it wasn't fun. It's not that it's awkward or uncomfortable to say that the seat with my dad, who only eats without words without knowing something, is not awkward or uncomfortable, but it's much more comfortable to eat while watching a favorite program on my own, so the atmosphere became bizarre. After all, in many ways, I am worried about whether it is strange or whether it is right to live like this, but when I come home after work, I am completely immersed in my personal time.  

When my dad dies, there is nothing to call family.  

These days, I've found myself to be more indifferent to others than I thought. It was really sure. I'm only looking after me all day, thinking only of me. My work, my life, my livelihood, my writing, my cat... At least once I could ask how someone else is living, or say hello... If I could, I can do it, but I don't know why. . No... I think I know. Perhaps it was because of the livelihood. Even so... no matter how hard it is to eat and live... If you can do it, you can do it, but why can't you do that?  

In the end, what do others have to do to me and what they need to do to wake up.  

After receiving something this time, what have I done to this person so far? I didn't do anything, he's really insensitive, and I realized once more. Or maybe a very profitable person.  

No, in fact, it opens the door to the heart. I'm still a little scared.