---
title : Daily life, virus, corona
subtitle : Story#202010111059
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - virus
 - corona
date : 2020-10-11T10:59:53+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1588613254750-cf5d89a29b66?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
"Shall we walk for a while?"  

Children are already dressed.  

It's daunting to see you take your own mask. The times when you are at home. The body is comfortable and I don't know if it's spread, but all my nerves are on the verge of an invisible virus. And the sensitivity is directed towards people who are the vectors of the virus. It seems that you are struggling with a virus that resembles a corona, but in reality you are wrestling with hatred toward people. In fact, I am more scared of it than a virus. Even if it is something that will pass someday, hatred for each other will remain. Individual's area is getting narrower and lines that should not be crossed. I am not sure whether the wind of change that will blow in the way of life will be a welcome or headwind.  

Various stuffy hearts and dizzy thoughts.  

In the end, this is why I decided to walk for a while.  

The usual thing that was repeated every day  

It feels good to walk the promenade along the long river.  

I think it will come out soon, but it is not easy to break the complexity of thinking and laziness of the body. The warm sunlight and the soft breeze do not care about the current clutter. Like proving that spring will come even in the stolen fields. I see quite a lot of people too. It is not unfamiliar to see you exercising wearing a mask. The event hall of Element Element, which was gathered in groups, was closed. The appearance of everyday life has changed a lot.  

I feel that I am running out of oxygen after wearing a mask.  

I usually didn't worry about it, but as the daily routine of masks comes to my mind, I think of a casual routine. Who would have thought they would stock up on toilet paper? It is not a story in Korea, but if anxiety more terrifying than a virus had emerged, it could be our story.  

Oxygen. paper towel. picnic. Meeting people.  

All were not difficult. Things to reach when you reach out. Things you can do if you decide. It was literally'everyday'. The usual thing that repeats every day. When normal becomes uncommon, we are agitated. That doesn't mean that there was a lot of politeness or appreciation for ordinary people. It's common that we take for granted, and we usually don't get treated that way, but these are things that remain silent around us.  

Those who have left know the importance of everyday life.  

And when you leave your daily life, there are many things that remind you of how precious it is. We are leaving our daily routine for a while now. So it looks. That preciousness.  

How beautiful is it to repeat every day.  

Because there was something repetitive, variations in our lives were possible.  

I believe we will overcome the difficulties of today.  

It is because everyone seems to have already noticed the importance of everyday life.  

And being healthy is the best routine I know, so I hope everyone can quickly return to the best routine!  

While walking with the children for a while, the complicated thoughts were turning into hopes that I could go back to my daily life.  

'Power to endure' (My dynamic choice to endure!)  

'Workshop' (Protect me, grow and work!)  

'I still go to work today' (I'm more amazing than I thought!)  

'Life letter to my son' (To all the youth of this earth!)  

'A real Dutch story' (Unknown Dutch charm!)