---
title : Daily Essay, Daily Travel, Namhae
subtitle : Story#202010110954
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily Essay
 - Daily Travel
 - Namhae
date : 2020-10-11T09:54:54+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1569052915035-7d62667657f1?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Having lived for over 50 years, I like the smooth life of Pyongyang cold noodles. There is not much to be excited about now. The emotional curve doesn't fluctuate too much. A loose routine without tension was always what I wanted. Still, living like a stretched rubber band is a shortcut to aging. The little fun and little happiness you find in your trivial everyday life will be like vitamins in middle-aged life. Without such a small stimulus, the menopausal attack would lead us in the middle ages to defeat. So, my husband and I decided to go on a two-day, one-night trip once a month from May, when Corona 19 had calmed down somewhat in order to find a little fun and happiness in our daily life.  

In May, I traveled to Boseong-Beolgyo-Suncheon and spit on the picturesque green tea field in Boseong, and I ate the Beolgyo Komakjeongsik. The beautiful grassland landscape seen from the Suncheon Bay National Garden remains a heartfelt impression and is hung as a large picture frame on the wall of the main room. The momentary impression comes from the fact that I could see the beauty there at the very moment.  

The overwhelming emotion soon turned into gratitude.  

Unless we were grateful for the momentary relationship between space and time, the emotion would soon be forgotten.  

The trip to Yeosu in June was cute and romantic. Perhaps it was because of the expectation of seeing the sea in Jang Beom-jun's song [The Night Sea in Yeosu]. The lights of Yeosu's night sea were a great place to attract youth. The night air, the sound of laughter, the sound of colliding beer mugs, and the men busy taking pictures of their girlfriends... I tried to stay in the night sea of Yeosu with a slight envy of all'young things'.  

And the destination for July is Namhae.  

I've been there a few times because my elder brother-in-law's family lives, but it's the first time my husband and the two go on a trip to the South Sea. The accommodation was chosen as a German village. If you're lucky, you'll find a good place to stay, and if you don't like it, I thought it would be an experience for the next time, so I booked the hostel the same day. When I entered a pretty house named'Munich House', I felt like I was in a real German village. In the courtyard of the Munich House, you can see the wide sea and pretty orange roofs. Until late at night, I enjoyed the night of Namhae with German pork on the outdoor terrace under the house, and my husband had German beer, and I had Namhae Yuzuade in front. When I woke up in the morning and went out to the yard, Gilnyang came first to say hello. The owner's aunt had a long time with Gilnyang while drinking Dalmayer coffee that he left on the terrace table. I gave him a grain of boiled corn and spit it out without being able to chew it. When I chewed the corn and gave it back, it was cute to eat well. It seems that the skinny thing is still young and is being pushed out of the food competition. Playing with Gilnyangi, walking slowly in a German village, having a German breakfast while looking at the sea, walking on a walking trail in the lower village, a tour of the bamboo anchovy shop, and Namhae anchovy ssambap with Namhae brothers and sisters. I traveled the day like running water without any plans, no accommodation or schedule. Oh, the owners of the Munich House and his wife lived in Munich for 6 months and in the South Sea for 6 months. I also have a desire to live in a village that I like for a couple of months in a small town in Korea, and I wish it would be a quiet town with the sea in front and the houses in the alleys lit up with warm lights. It would be nice if the house overlooked the mountains and the simple roofs from the windows. As I pictured the images of our days while talking with my husband, the softness like a cloud of clouds fills my heart.  

Before sunset, they arrive at home and return to their usual weekends, turn on the TV, cut fruit, and laugh out loud as they watch [What are you doing when you play?] I think it was made big.  