---
title : Relationship, everyday, social distancing
subtitle : Story#202010111112
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Relationship
 - everyday
 - social distancing
date : 2020-10-11T11:12:31+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1528827902152-7b9419b45fd4?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
The relationship that was cut off and stopped for a while  

What can I do to bring it back to life?  

And if that means is online, not offline.  

It is very difficult to get acquainted with people in society and maintain a steady relationship.  

My schoolmates  

Even if the religion is different  

Even if the social position changes  

Whether i'm married or not  

Whether you have a child or not  

We can trust each other and continue a relationship with the memories and affections of that time.  

However, in the relationship where we met with our own'purpose' as adults  

How can I keep the relationship going?  

In fact, it is enough to disconnect.  

You have to create another purpose.  

Each other to each other.  

Whether its purpose is tangible or intangible  

You have to create a purpose, and you have to share a purpose.  

Some people may be motivated through this community  

You can get information or you can heal.  

As of now, we are making a number of attempts at what purpose our community will serve.  

First, we had an online meeting asking for regards through ZOOM.  

Even so, it was really nice to see my face. (Isn't it just me?)  

Then he began to share pieces of everyday life.  

Authenticate someone's vote.  

Someone's high-class hobbies  

Somebody’s light breakfast,  

Someone's heavy lunch photo was a photo that evoked quite pleasant emotions.  

Someone took out coffee and drank it,  

Someone said that he drank hot chocolate on the way.  

They also recommended and shared books that can be read lightly.  

Of course, it may not last long.  

Sooner or later, there may be some members who do not feel the need for the community.  

But I will try consistently.  

I hope we can share pieces of our daily lives that can bother and stimulate each other today!