---
title : Photo studio, daily life, dog
subtitle : Story#202010110938
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Photo studio
 - daily life
 - dog
date : 2020-10-11T09:38:46+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1576457664904-335cbe216a8e?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Everyone's photo studio that conveys the universal value of life through the stories of ordinary people around us. In Episode 2,'The Most Ordinary Daily Life', I would like to tell the daily story of Do-Hyung Kim, assistant manager of the Lotte Department Store main branch system. He is recognized by customers for his extraordinary sense, quickness, and calm charm. He works silently in a busy work environment, and shares his most common daily life with pets and pets after work.  

How did you get started with this?  

Since I was young, I have been interested in clothes. I usually look for information on clothes on the Internet or in books, but when I was young, European street look was an issue. Even though they were middle-aged men, the tailored suits they wore looked great. Usually, Korean men wear black and white suits such as dark navy or gray with a booty design and fit. I think of a salary man. The gorgeous color suits and styling of Europeans, and the free-spirited attitude that suited them, seemed to clearly tell who they were. I became more and more attracted to the classic suit, and as I decided to'try on the clothes of my favorite brand and work,' I started working for the traditional suit brand, Lansmere.  

I heard that it has already been 13 years since I started working. What is the most memorable moment in the meantime?  

We are a profession that provides service and inspires, but we are also impressed by our customers. It's something that people do when people collide, so I can't forget the moment when I was touched by a human relationship. Was it three years ago? When I was urgently appointed as the system manager of Lotte Department Store Nowon Branch, I quit all the stores. As a result, I was in a hurry to move between the company and the house because I couldn't even get in touch with the customers I had close friends with. About 3 months later, a customer suddenly unexpectedly visited the store with his wife in a difficult time due to sales stress. It was quite a long way to come by car, but with the news that I was married, I came here to see me in part. How did you know that I worked as a system manager at Lotte Department Store Nowon? It was so amazing and nice. In fact, the relationship between a manager and a customer can be computational in some way. I wasn't able to contact you in case you would be excused, but rather, I was regretted why there was no contact. Now I am personally getting closer.  

I think it's such an attractive job. There are a lot of friends who dream of becoming a shop manager these days. Do you have anything to say?  

I want to tell you to think again first. Because it's a very hard road! When you watch TV, is it the feeling that celebrity parents don't want their children to be entertainers? If you still have enough will, you need to cultivate your knowledge of fashion and styling and establish a'good' relationship with people. When working as a manager, there are many people you need to meet, such as customers, employees, head office managers, department store managers, and you should always have a good relationship with them. If you listen to people's stories and work in a way that empathizes, you will naturally build up your work skills and gain a sense of accomplishment. Particularly, I am very happy when I put my sincerity on customers and become regulars, and when regulars bring acquaintances with them.  

“I think I was born for this job.”  

And I like studying styling. When you went to a department store, what items did you match while looking at the mannequin display? It is recommended that you take a closer look at how you coordinated and make the habit of leaving pictures of pretty things. In the end, we have to suggest styles to our customers and explain trends, so these can be used as good materials.  

How is your normal routine after work?  

Now I live with 2 cats and 1 dog. Since I was young, I have grown up with cats and dogs, so pets are valuable to me like my family. Bong-deok and Bong-chan are cats who are both young and cute, but they didn't know where they would bounce, so they couldn't be with us today. The black garlic we shot today was sold quite expensively as a toy silver poodle, but now it has grown to be sure that it has been scammed. The happiest moment after work is the daily life of hunting with children and watching the news in front of TV.  

In the future, if you paint the future of'Kim Do-hyung'.  

First of all, I wish for a healthy appearance of my family. For pets, I am the father and the world is the center, so if I am healthy, I can give good food to my children, play with them, and take care of their health. I hope that the children will be together for a long time without getting sick and healthy, and they are enjoying the work they are doing now, decades later. Rather than being a manager with tremendous sales excellence, it's about enjoying what you want to do, feeling happiness, and not losing your heart even when you get older. I think I will be able to draw slowly and calmly as long as my mind does not change thanks to the well-chosen job that suits me.  

When he asked about things he loved, he wanted to be an introvert who responded to the interview calmly and kindly, and when he asked about things he loved, he revealed his hidden image and sparkled his eyes. Maybe that is the most Kim Do-hyung. He who says that his work was so fun that he never wanted to quit. He calls himself his father and shows infinite affection for his pets. Looking at those facial expressions, I learned that maybe the most common routine is for all of us.  