---
title : Habit, routine
subtitle : Story#202010112302
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Habit
 - routine
date : 2020-10-11T23:02:21+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1596115897162-0fb46729f143?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
From when  

It became a routine to read books steadily, look for striking sentences, and raise them up and organize them in my own language. That doesn't mean I post on my blog or Facebook on a daily basis, but almost every day I fold the corners of my books or line them up in fluorescent colors. In the near future, I will raise up a sentence so that I can organize my thoughts a little more clearly. I quickly write down thoughts that I suddenly found in the subway or bus in Evernote. I use KakaoTalk to send me a link to an article to look back on, or to throw a few words in the talk. I feel a little joy when I find the words I need for my situation as I look back at the texts and sentences that have been thrown at me at random.  

A relatively recent routine is exercise.  

As I have been working at work for a long time and spend more time in front of my computer, my physical strength hit the floor and I met my belly, rising like a garden behind my house. The health checkup report also warned of poor muscle mass and abdominal obesity for their age. As my baby was born and participated in parenting, I felt the limit to my physical strength. Eventually, I followed my wife and enrolled in Pilates. This is a two-on-one, duet course that couples can learn together.  

Has it been 3 months since you started exercising? Fortunately, it has been steadily going on twice a week so far. Thanks to this, my body, which was like a piece of wood, barely tilted down to the knees even when I bent my back and opened my arms, was finally able to touch the ground with my arms. I feel pain every time I stretch my limbs and bend them, but it was only now that I learned that through the pain, strength can enter my back and back. Indeed, it was difficult to do even one repetition at the beginning of the exercise to stand up again after rolling back, but now I can easily do up to 20 reps in a row. It became clear that the easy way to do push-ups is to use the muscles of the chest and lower back as well as arm strength.  

One hour, two hours only twice a week. Even though it was often postponed to the next when there was a family event or job, anyway, my body, which seemed to be impossible, is responding little by little.  

As I get older, I feel that routine is important.  

Perhaps becoming a wonderful adult is about making one's own routine consistently and using the muscles trained with that routine in various life scenes every time. In a situation where muscles are to be used, if you cannot use the muscles as you please or use them in a different direction than your intentions, if you do something wrong, your body will be hurt. Like a habit, it allows you to take natural actions in situations where you need a routine that is constantly trained.  

Not long ago, I was watching the former Infinite Challenge again on YouTube, and I was impressed by the part of the members who confessed her concerns with Noh Hong-cheol in tears. Noh Hong-cheol said that in order to save his fraudulent character, he couldn't even give gifts to the members and staff he loved so much. The pressure to show the authenticity of a character as a professional broadcaster changed his original self-worth. The tears he shed were due to the changing disappointment and fear of himself for the characters of the program, but thanks to the members who understood and sympathized with him. I can't dare imagine the symbolism of the program called Infinite Challenge and the weight he has as a member of Korea's leading entertainment, but I think I can understand a little about the meaning of the tears he shed.  

One of them is that he must be prepared to show off his skills anytime, anywhere, if he is qualified to become a professional. Just as Yoo Jae-suk has been loved as a national MC for a long time for reducing alcohol and cigarettes and thorough self-management, No Hong-cheol also created his own rules for the program and to prevent damage to his colleagues. C. Wasn't it the process of finding your own routine in the process of preparing yourself?  

Sometimes the first routine you want to create  

It becomes a discipline and comes to him like a pressure to escape anytime. But when the routine becomes a real routine and becomes a routine, the discipline is no longer a pressure. The prerequisite for the routine is consistency, but I think the more important thing is'freedom'. Perhaps the condition for a routine to continue for a long time is not to feel it as a duty or pressure while doing the job, but to feel'selfishness'. In the process, you experience freedom by discovering your own self-worth.  

It would be nice to be able to find your own job from the beginning, but unfortunately, most of the work needs to be experienced before you can find a fit for me. And although I wasn't interested in the past, when I do it now, there may be things that work well with me, and there are things that will eventually discover the value if we meet through a different channel, even if it is not now.  

The important thing  

How does the work I want to make as a routine now connects with the way I want to live. It is more important to recognize that the daily routine is closely connected to life and to think about how to effectively make the routines related to it.  

Constant habit in daily life.  

Several constant routines fill the day, change the patterns of daily life, and make life.