---
title : Social distancing campaign, corona, everyday, infectious disease
subtitle : Story#202010110931
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Social distancing campaign
 - corona
 - everyday
 - infectious disease
date : 2020-10-11T09:31:01+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1594649425679-04baa3c46b77?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
The hard rock is being cut by the blowing wind.  

All of the things that have been accumulated for a long time in each place  

It is cut off by small germs.  

Daily life is eroding...  

I usually wear masks often in winter, so I put disposable masks in a drawer quite thickly.  

Even the small sized masks that I bought by mistake are about 100.  

At first, I used a cloth mask, and then I started to use it as a disposable one because troubles often occurred on my face.  

When I went out and returned home, the used disposable mask was immediately thrown into the trash.  

On days when I was often out, I used 2 to 3 disposable masks a day.  

When I had about 70 disposable masks left, the corona broke out.  

I didn't really care.  

'It will disappear soon...'  

'70 masks would be enough...'  

I thought, in a month or so, this epidemic would be over. So I kept wearing the mask like water.  

However, contrary to my expectations, we have reached a situation where all the people are wearing masks.  

The mask, which was common in convenience stores and marts, began to disappear in an instant.  

My disposable mask, which I bought in winter, also finally ran out.  

Even if I stir the drawer, nothing touched it.  

When the grain runs out of grain, is it this way?  

When the balance in the account is 0 won, is it this way?  

It was frustrating.  

The amount of disposable masks held is “0”.  

The moment of despair has come,  

Like everyone else, I wandered around and wandered the streets for disposable masks.  

I have sold my feet for a long time, but wherever I went, the answers that came back were always the same.  

It is out of stock.  

On the Internet, the price of disposable masks started to rise quickly, and people started to  

They started to stand in line or trade with each other.  

All of these situations that were funny at first began to change into situations where you can't just laugh. Because some people lost their livelihoods and some people lost their lives because of the epidemic.  

So over time  

The things that had been solidly accumulated collapsed.  

The hard ones were cut off.  

The daily life we enjoyed for granted was broken.  

Someone stayed at home and gave up their precious routine,  

Someone put up with it and gave up at all.  

Due to the seldom fading epidemic  

The social distancing campaign was extended.  

Someone gave up a cup of coffee at the coffee shop,  

Someone gave up the warm spring sunlight.  

In public transport  

Someone's coughing sound became uncomfortable,  

Those who boarded without a mask were frowned upon.  

Even those who worked hard to keep social distance  

Now one by one, exhausted, I started to come out of the world.  

Those who are weary and those who give up immediately  

Now that everyone is pouring out of the world.  

Keeping a safe distance from others has become more important.  

On the road, it is very important to secure a safe distance between the vehicle in front and the vehicle behind it.  

Accidents that may occur in a chain can be prevented in advance.  

You can ensure the safety of not only yourself, but also the cars that follow.  

It is the street.  

The little difference, the little promise, the little principle  

It keeps you safe.  

Many things were lost due to the epidemic,  

In order not to lose more things we can do.  