---
title : Moby Dick, death, everyday
subtitle : Story#202010111151
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Moby Dick
 - death
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-11T11:51:21+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1416958672086-951aa7064010?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
No matter how hard we work in our lives, we all sleep in the end. That's forever. [Moby Dick / Herman Melville]  

Everyday death has become common. These days, the scary words of the deceased are insensitively rising and falling in people's mouths, each day of peril, with inevitable fear. He survives that day again, and ideas about existence and death constantly come to mind. In this way, for a long time, and in my opinion, the word death seems to have existed and there was no less.  

“We can be busy living or dying, Obe. We have to move forward.” [Man named Ober / Frederick Bakman]  

When driving, there are many times when I am surprised by violent motorcycles. It is basic to ignore the signal. It is possible to narrowly cross the lane in a zigzag, and even a motorcycle traveling in reverse. I often see motorcycles overtaking the lane above, and when my child was younger than now, I knew that the lane was a dedicated road for motorcycles. It is clear that we will be ashamed as grown-ups. Driving was a life-consuming job. Even if they are motorcycle drivers, they probably don't have multiple lives. Whenever I see people running dangerously in such a way, I think, ‘They take their lives really insignificant.’  

You will have to cherish it. My one and only life. Especially these days of chaos. It should be remembered that there are people who continue their lives everywhere, waiting for the days of peace. We, who are alive, will have to endure endlessly with their own powerful strength.  

“When dreaming while waking up, our lives are the most true.”-Henry David Sorrow  

If you embrace such a broken heart, one important thing to know is that you are a perfect being, and you have come here with absolute love from the universe. Space / Hiroshi Koine>  

These fearful and precarious days today. There are no feelings that shouldn't be there. When you're afraid, just be afraid. Even if you can't avoid these fears, someday there will be a moment of subsidence. You will have to wait and believe this fact. Taking time to constantly check my mind and care for my existence. Thanks for being alive. Our common days were forgotten because it was so natural. Valuable everyday routines that I desperately want to recover. Knowing the value of ordinary things, we know that we have grown up even in these precarious situations. And I believe that normal daily life will come back sooner or later. Life is so exciting.  

Don't be neglected to anyone. Don't look up to anyone; don't need to be restless; just look at the other person calmly; just let it exist; just savor the flowers that bloom above an existing relationship; always remember as you watch millions of flowers bloom every day. That God does it without any effort. [Remember We All Die / Wayne Dyer]  

Death is strange. People live their lives as if death doesn't exist, but death is often one of the greatest motivations to sustain life. Some of us sometimes live harder, more stubbornly, more angered by being so conscious of death. Even some have constantly needed the existence of death to be conscious of the objection to death. Others are so obsessed with death that they enter the waiting room long before death announces their arrival. We are afraid of death itself, but most are more afraid that death may take someone else than ourselves. The greatest fear of death is the fact that it will always deflect you. It is the fact that it will leave us alone. [A man named Ober / Frederick Bakman]