---
title : Overseas travel, africa, travel
subtitle : Story#202010111205
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Overseas travel
 - africa
 - travel
date : 2020-10-11T12:05:48+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1541793525933-5a16ccd1e0d4?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Leaving behind the beautiful days in the Sahara desert that was like a dream  

It has moved to Marrakech, a city of thousands of years.  

For me, a poor backpacker, the means of transportation between all cities is naturally a local bus.  

When I first took the bus after starting the trip, I had a slight pain even for only 3-4 hours, but now I am used to this life a little, and the bus for more than 10 hours is more than I expected. If you are immersed in the fun of seeing the scenery outside, you arrive at the rest area, and if you repeat these times to relax for a while, you arrive at your destination.  

In particular, the sunset outside the window that I met on the road from Merzouga to Marrakech stimulated my emotions once again. This place where I am, I felt very happy again.  

In fact, Marrakech also shortened itinerary in Marrakech because most of them were not very good reviews, such as a city with nothing to do, a place to just stop by to go to the Sahara Desert, and a place where you want to get up quickly because you are tired of the bums. After what was so urgent, I hurriedly cut off my flight ticket in accordance with the London schedule to be passed on. The day I arrived in Marrakech, I started to regret after walking around the streets here at night. Marrakech, which I really felt, was a very regrettable place to stay short.  

Perhaps the reason this place came to be more attractive than others was because the colors of Marrakech matched well to me.  

Marrakech's day begins  

After a long break in a well-equipped accommodation at a cheaper price than anywhere else, after a delicious breakfast, head out to the plaza to begin your day of lively Marrakech.  

If you buy inexpensive and generous Moroccan fruit juice from street vendors scattered around the square and walk around while drinking with a straw, exciting things start to appear next to me.  

Marrakech markets stretching from here to there send me a gesture of temptation from every corner. This place has more attractions than the Medina of other cities, and there are many types of clothes, shoes, souvenirs, etc. at a lower price. Whenever you meet a store full of colorful colors, you have to stand there for a while as if you are possessed by something, keep fiddling with colorful items, look inside your wallet, and finally put it down.  

When I came to the dead end of the market, my tour of the market was over, and I ordered tajin and couscous, which are traditional Moroccan foods that I have become accustomed to. Like Joe in couscous, which was unfamiliar at first? The small particles are already strangely addicted.  

After filling up your stomach, enjoy a cup of mint tea, a traditional Moroccan tea at good rooftop sensibility cafes located throughout. I fall in love with Marrakesh's unique red light created by those red houses that are all gathered in front of me. The warm sunlight sinks over those red houses, and one day passes after writing a diary under them.  

In the darkened square after the sun sets, there is a lively night market spreading out and a lively place. Performances held all over the square and excitement from all over the world are mixed to create a splendid night.  

Of course, especially in the night market, there were a lot of spooks, so there were some moments that bothered me.  

However, even in the same situation, everyone has different thoughts and feelings. Even in this place, called the paradise of bums,'China? Japan? I heard a lot of'corea?', but I didn't think this was hindering my trip. The fact that there is a lot of solicitation is also one of the elements that make up the atmosphere of this city, so I later enjoyed it. I miss even those words I heard so boring now.  

Rather, it was regrettable that the leisurely time spent writing a diary with a cup of coffee in a place where people smelled like people, and where the past and the present were properly mixed, and the time in the plaza, which had been busy and energetically flowing in the space, was short.  

Always with cats  

Morocco is called the cat's paradise.  

Moroccans love cats thanks to Muhammad, the Islamic prophet who loved cats.  

Perhaps that's why Morocco is always with cats wherever he goes.  

Whether I'm eating at a restaurant or drinking coffee at a cafe, my cat always occupies my seat next to me.  

When I see myself walking around the streets freely and taking a nap everywhere, my mind loosens for some reason.  

The cats here, who are not afraid of people, don't care whether or not there are people next to them, but rather, they approach people without hesitation and wait like a dog cat. Nobody anywhere says anything about a cat sitting next to it.  

The reason why people and cats can get along anywhere like a family is because Moroccans respect the realm of cats and their world. Or, in light of the lack of management measures for cats, maybe it is just to leave the world of cats uninterrupted.  

Either way, it was clear that they admitted to the existence of “cats”.  

In fact, when I was young, I was scared of cats.  

I liked dogs and other animals, but the cat was a bit scared by the eyes and the crying sound that resembled the cry of a baby. However, as I lived abroad, I naturally had many opportunities to encounter cats, and gradually became one of the cute animals.  

Then, on a trip to Morocco, cats just became my daily life.  

At first, when I jump to the seat next to me, I get startled, but at some point I find myself saying hello to me, saying, "Are you here?" Their aegyo added to the fun of my trip, and now I even miss the cat that was always by my side.  

Morocco was as good as expected.  

The stylish feeling of a city that is well maintained than expected  

A place where the local feeling covered with car fumes and full of dirt roads coexisted.  

Rather than complete cleanliness, it was full of old sensibility stains with traces of time.  

Among them, a place with a variety of colors, as if African, Arab, European.  

A place full of rest that melted my body and mind from freezing on a cold winter trip with warm sunlight.  

A place drawn as precious memories with various people.  

It was fortunate that I could stay for a long time on a trip after leaving the company instead of on a short vacation.