---
title : Daily life, diary, examination
subtitle : Story#202010111015
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - diary
 - examination
date : 2020-10-11T10:15:27+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1591204715559-4a43d6a56ba0?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
The daily life of a high school student is simple.  

Of course, that of an office worker is also simple. Wake up in the morning, go to work, work at the company, eat lunch, work again, go home. Routines that repeat every day are tedious and routine. However, there is always a gap called 'after work' in the daily routine of an office worker. Of course, it is a story that is limited to a rare workplace that cuts off at 6 o'clock, but there is a gap in the daily life of an office worker with hobbies, leisure life, and social activities after work. Even if you don't get cut off every day, you can spend completely free time once or twice a week when the company ends early, and weekends when you don't go to work. In my days as an office worker, not a high school student, I used to somehow try to put a little hobbies into my daily life, where work and sleep were the main two, even though I knew I would get tired the next morning.  

In the daily life of a high school student, there is not much of such a 'gap'. Of course, as I said in the previous article, a certain amount of time is absolutely necessary for a high school student. Goshi is a long-distance run rather than a short distance, and excessively overcrowded study interferes with the pace adjustment necessary for long-distance running. However, in the case of high school students, like an office worker, 'I am done studying today! It is not easy to shout 'Go home!' So, the daily life of a high school student, where the gap for something else is too narrow, becomes even simpler.  

At the time of my exam birthday, I was also an office worker, so I spent a little different life than a general exam student. However, on the weekends without going to work, I was also a full-time high school student, so I wrote down the daily routines of a more general high school student based on my weekend when I was a high school student.  

At 7 in the morning, I always opened my eyes. The goal was always to get up at 6:30, but it was always 10 to 30 minutes behind the goal, so I opened my eyes around 7 o'clock. To resist the desire to lie in bed a little longer, get up and get up as soon as possible, stretching lightly. When I was young, even if my mother nagged me to do that, stretching I couldn't do because I was annoyed. Wake up with a brief stretch, then go to the bathroom to wash and brush your teeth.  

Originally, it is not the constitution to eat breakfast well, but on the day of getting up early and studying, if you do not eat breakfast, you will get hungry and your concentration will quickly become disturbed. That doesn't mean that it doesn't go well because I try to force a breakfast I didn't eat, so I usually just stuff it with toast or sandwich.  

After breakfast, I go to the reading room. The first preparation, which was relatively easy with multiple choice, was moderately done at home or at a cafe, but after a few months of starting the second preparation, I decided that a place where I could concentrate on studying was necessary, so I enrolled in the reading room. Even if it is a reading room, these days there are reading rooms called'premium reading rooms', so the facilities are very good. It is a reading room with well-equipped facilities for high school students such as modern and neat interiors, infinite refills of coffee and juice, snacks, white silencers, and computers that can be borrowed for free. Of course, the price is high enough to think that it would be about a one-room rent in a local city, so sometimes it feels a waste to invest this money in a space that is less than half a pyeong with one desk and one chair. Should be utilized.  

As soon as you sit at your desk, the first thing to do is check your daily plan. I usually have a week's worth of plans every Sunday, and I break them down into daily plans and write them down in my diary. And starting from Monday, I check for one day at a time, but there are times when I am slightly ahead of the original plan and sometimes I am behind the original plan on Saturday. After checking the progress of the subject you missed yesterday, the subjects you need to study today, and the problems you need to solve, you take out the book and open it.  

The biggest enemy when studying is a smartphone. To avoid using a smartphone that tempts high school students during boring studies, the smartphone is muted and put in a bag. Of course, sometimes I can't overcome the temptation and spend time turning on my smartphone. I try to overcome the temptation of a smartphone.  

As a typical morning person, I tend to concentrate better in the morning, so I place subjects that need to be memorized intensively in the morning. In the afternoon, when concentration is low, students study mainly by solving problems. If you wrestle with books in the morning mainly for memorization, it is lunch time. I simply ate breakfast, but at around 12 to 1, my concentration was clearly reduced. I'm hungry, but it's time to take a break. In the reading room where I was studying, there were quite a few high school students who ate breakfast to save lunch time and eat lunch with soy milk or sandwiches that can be easily eaten at the place where they were studying, and then endure until dinner. However, I, who lack willpower, need time to cool and refresh my hair for a while rather than being hungry, so I tend to take a leisurely lunch break.  

I have a simple lunch considering my afternoon study. Alum, fast food, sandwiches, snacks at restaurants near the reading room. There are some restrictions on the menu as you eat alone. Sometimes I enjoy'special meals' with my friends, and on these days I have to fight drowsiness all afternoon. Eat lunch, take a short walk around the reading room to digest and cool your head.  

On days when afternoon study is boring, they sometimes try'kagong' outside the reading room. I don't drink coffee well, and I have a sweet drink at a cafe, plug in earphones, and solve problems. I tend to show my concentration in a quiet place when learning or memorizing new content, but I do not need a lot of concentration when reviewing or solving problems, so I usually review or solve problems in noisy places. In the afternoons when concentration is low, they change places to refresh themselves between cafes and reading rooms.  

After spending the afternoon in a reading room or cafe, dinner is eaten at home or with acquaintances if there is an appointment. I had a simple lunch, so I eat dinner well. I check the progress of the day based on the amount of study rather than the time of study, so if the amount of progress for that day is over, I take a rest without studying in the evening. Of course, on days when I can't finish my day's worth, I continue to study in the evening. If there is a person who needs to listen additionally, use the evening time to listen for a while.  

I try to overcome the feelings of anxiety and depression that come in the middle of my normal daily life by studying. If you're anxious, you can read one more letter, and if you're depressed, you'll think that if you get the problem you're solving right now, it's okay. Of course, it doesn't always succeed. Sometimes I can't concentrate on my anxiety, and I do something different with the excuse of being depressed. Still, the most fundamental solution to the persistent anxiety of high school students is study. Because high school students have to study. After studying, the cause of this anxiety will eventually disappear. It's not always an effective solution, but it's always a solution to try.  

Each person may be slightly different, but the daily life of a high school student does not deviate much from here. On days when studying is not good, the time spent thinking differently between them increases a bit, and on days when studying well, there is a difference in studying a little harder, but the routine itself is always constant. So sometimes, there were days I spent all day without saying a word to anyone. There are days when the word "Give me a cup of ice tea" taken out of the cafe is all about conversations with other people that day, and there are days when the reading room is stuck all day long without even doing that. This daily life entails various emotions such as boredom, fatigue, loneliness, and anxiety. In the daily life of a high school student, there is not a big gap to release these feelings. So, feelings that are lost are piled up. The high school student bears the weight until the examination is over.  

The high school student looks like a person who lives the present for the future. Abandoning the current routine for future dreams. However, it certainly exists now for the high school students. The daily life of a high school student, the day by day, is accumulated to create the present, and in the end, the present leads to the future. The weight of the present is quite heavy to endure the present by simply looking at the dream of the future. The daily life of a high school student is simple. Simple to be boring, and alone to be lonely. This is why high school students also need a brief gap. Even for a moment, I need a gap where I can read my favorite books, watch my favorite movies, and talk with people I like. Even in my tight exam life, I always need a gap to comfort me.