---
title : Corona, Daegu, Everyday
subtitle : Story#202010111241
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - Daegu
 - Everyday
date : 2020-10-11T12:41:47+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1583324113626-70df0f4deaab?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
February 18,  

As the first confirmed case occurred in Daegu, which was thought to be a corona clean area  

I am feeling desperately at the breakdown of my daily life.  

The clichéd expression of'the usual is the happiest'  

Have you ever touched me like this?  

The week before the confirmed case in Daegu,  

Navel friends came to Daegu to play.  

Hey! You and you living in Seoul with many confirmed cases  

Asan, who accepts a Korean citizen  

Wasn't I a real adult who readily accepted it?  

Enjoy the feeling of walking around without a mask in a clean area!  

What a proud saying.  

It is revealed that it is not an expression of the rejection of accepting Korean citizens with afflicted diseases. Rather, it was the opposite...  

Next week, Daegu was in an uproar  

The friends reported their names to work and self-quarantine just because they had been to Daegu.  

Even if the spouse has been to Daegu, according to the company policy to voluntarily report, even their husbands  

It made it difficult, so it was the moment when I, who was a great person, became an icon of apology.  

I also thought that I could be so sorry even if it wasn't something I did wrong.  

And the self-contained life that began,  

Some days, even if I'm getting along well  

On some days, I can't control my anger and run wild.  

What kind of person am I?  

In a reality like these days that I can't do with my will and my efforts  

What kind of person am I?  

As the voluntary quarantine period is more than 3 weeks  

It is now being organized little by little.  

A few days before riding the emotional roller coaster,  

Innocent children exploded with emotions as trash. The face of her husband, who was looking at the atmosphere of the house after work, looked terrible.  

He who is struggling at the forefront of his livelihood,  

Unlike me, who has an insecurity for safety, he was a safety first man.  

He who was also responsible for obtaining a mask was alone,  

As the eldest son, the eldest son, and the company's representative, he thought that his parents and employees were all his own.  

Those who couldn't sleep well,  

Reaps within a terrible expression and convenes a family.  

The country is also in a crisis, but even the family asked if it should be so, let's make a little concession and understand  

Tears shed when she saw her smiling husband trying to do better.  

I also pretended to be the hardest.  

Another me who wraps up selfishness with the word narcissism...  

I hate to see the kids on the phone  

The appearance of listening to Ingang started to catch my eyes.  

I was upset about playing well and repeating fighting  

I saw three brothers and sisters who were trapped in the house all day and didn't say a word to their mother to go out to play.  

When I got home, I hated my husband lying down and looking at his phone.  

His stretched gray hair began to stand out.  

Let's live reality!  

Let's live today!  

Nevertheless, let's be grateful!  

It was said to be all mindful  

My daily life is changing just because I have changed my mind.  

I am writing again like this, saying that it will work.  

I saw a gag on the Internet about the benefits of Corona.  

From my husband's perspective  

Your wife doesn't ask you to go on a trip.  

Watching a wife who can't make up, shop, or meet  

I feel happy because the money is hard.  

Best of all, she said she's wearing a mask all day and doesn't talk.  

Corona is a blessing.  

From a wife's point of view  

The husband doesn’t come in after drinking  

I don’t think I can’t go shopping, I’m thankful even if I dress up  

I don't think there are any shopping or meetings because I can't go out.  

He said he didn't know how many parcels were coming to work.  

Best of all, my husband thinks his wife wears a mask because of the corona.  

I don't know what was molded...  

It's a joke, but I think it's up to you to think about anything.  

As time passes, there will be days to laugh while reminiscing about the daily life of this period!  

Let's live today!