---
title : Escape, travel, everyday
subtitle : Story#202010111008
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Escape
 - travel
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-11T10:08:34+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1480127996688-bff88c1cc88f?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
In April, I used to travel abroad.  

After starting my social life, I used to travel abroad every year in mid-April.  

In the morning and evening, even in the still cool breeze, I feel the spring energy that is clearing up.  

He didn't even have a camera he bought with a big heart, he was wearing sneakers, sweatshirts and jeans.  

Even if I walk according to the instant plan I made the day before, sometimes I change the plan as I like.  

When my feet hurt, I go to a nearby cafe and read some books I prepared.  

In case the emotions are shaken, the story of the depths that have been turned away from the ears are covered and written in a thin notebook.  

It didn't go my way. In other words, when I walked for a long time alone and satisfied with the deviation that was not much to the eyes of others, the body was tired and exhausted, but the mind was filled with serenity.  

April has passed this year in vain. What I thought was a problem only in China and Korea, became a problem for the whole world, and the barriers of the travel destinations that were pointed out were firmly locked. Now, even if you only think about the situation in Korea that you want to take a breath of, you should definitely refrain from traveling. Still, it is not easy to give up on an annual event that has been waiting for a year.  

Yeah, I know. The empty mind now is not just due to the deletion of travel. Work and love, home. These days, I feel that nothing is easy. It would be a pity that the opportunity to threw everything away and tried to leave disappears.  

As we go, we are eager to escape and get used to it.  

But do you know that? The outward appearance and escape that felt like the trait of a coward or loser now feels natural and essential.  

Increasingly, I feel that life is a process that goes beyond myself. To do this, it may be necessary to stop at times and see how much you have grown. It doesn't matter who has passed me and how much, it doesn't matter how much I grew up than yesterday. It's more important for me to walk silently on my path than to pant and run blindly, chased by competitors who seem to be running from behind somewhere. To do this, I need to escape from my daily life for a while, take my breath, and look at me with the gaze of a stranger.  

Once a year, I looked back over the past year as a stranger in such a strange place. How much has grown. I dreamed of another year, looking at whether I was walking in the direction I wanted to go.  

I am going to the sea this weekend. I would like to face the blue sunlight of the early summer that has come before me, and I have grown up over the past year, which was exceptionally difficult.  

The pleasant sound of the waves breaking down already seems to ring in my ears.