---
title : Happiness
subtitle : Story#202010111048
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Happiness
 - everyday
date : 2020-10-11T10:48:43+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1519408824990-bacd0dddb23b?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Happy days every day  

As soon as I saw this phrase, several scenes came to mind. Among them, I have been thinking a lot about which person will be drawn as a topic to draw individual happiness or to draw moments of happiness for various people, but the criteria for happiness are different for each person. I wondered what if each person imagined their own happy moments that are different. As a result, this picture is composed of 4 frames.  

During this work, I thought, 'What moment do people feel happy?' I like to look at the sky outside the window for a moment while working. When I look at the sky, I feel calm and warm. Sometimes I find a cloud of interesting shape. By the way, would it have been fun and happy if I had been looking at the sky without doing anything all day? Maybe after a few hours it got boring. And I think you might have thought,'What have I done today?' I'm sure I've done something that I like, but it won't be fun anymore.  

The things that I thought were fun and happy may be because of the cause and effect of my whole life. The day that repeats every day feels boring or stuffy at some point. It is different for each person to define what happiness is, but for me, keeping my daily life intact is also my happiness. Because there is such a frustrating and boring daily life, you can discover little happiness in a moment.  

What happiness awaits you in your day?  

I hope you find the little moments that make me happy in that day.  