---
title : Corona, Shisaishu, Humanities
subtitle : Story#202010112222
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - Shisaishu
 - Humanities
date : 2020-10-11T22:22:11+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1600357169193-19bd51d2a6ec?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
The world after Corona will be transformed into a different world than before. If we define the post-corona era in one word, it is an era of loss of touch.  

Human life is now becoming a process of accessing the digital world through the Internet, not a face-to-face encounter.  

Accordingly, all industries are seeking contact points with online, and capital is also moving into the digital world. Digital closely fills the gap that has been opened through social distancing.  

Post-corona era,  

Are you ready to leave reality?  

The digital era forced by Corona to open is forcing us to choose whether or not to leave the'farm called reality'.  

Like rural areas that are becoming more and more lagging as capital and people leave for cities, digital markets are getting bigger and bigger, while industries are falling endlessly based on face-to-face reality.  

There are still many people in the'rural village' that is still reality. However, fast-paced people are quickly migrating to the digital world, avoiding the pandemic.  

The digital world, where a larger amount of capital is being put in than those who enter, is a space of opportunity for those who are skillfully browsing the Internet to touch large amounts of money. Hope did not disappear. Instead, hope has changed its character to something that only people who have the sophistication, delicacy, and consistency to conquer algorithms in the digital world can grasp.  

Those who read the trend of the post-corona era will get a chance, but those who remain there will be left alone in a village called an empty reality.  

The digital world that met the'Tipping Point' called Corona 19 is gradually overthrowing reality.  

Someday, the day will come when this boring Corona 19 will be tied to the leash of vaccines, but by then the digital world will permeate our entire lives deeper than it is now.  

What exactly will happen in the post-corona era?  

1) The era of marketing for everyone  

Until now, we have only used the Internet for real life, but now we are living in an era where we have to use real life for life in the digital world.  

In the post-corona era of'Untact', all human activities take place through the Internet.  

The era of'everyone marketing to all' has begun. If I'm a product maker, I don't need to open a store anymore. Knowing the top exposure algorithms of internet platforms, I can quickly promote my product to tens of thousands of people.  

Not only products but also talents become money when they get on the top exposure algorithm. If I have a skill that can attract people's attention, there are overflowing platforms where I can cash it out, whether it is singing, writing, cartoon, sports, or cooking.  

In the past, they made money in proportion to the capital they had. If I invested 1 billion and opened a big store in a place with a good neck, I could make that much money.  

But now, I can make money if I only have the ability to expose my items on the Internet site.  

"Is that really so?"  

If you have any doubts, you can go to Coupang and Naver Smart Store now. The sellers who make a lot of sales in online shopping malls are not only companies but also individual sellers.  

Those who are already aware of the'law of wealth' in the digital world are generating tens of millions of won or more monthly sales without a store.  

Many people who smell the money of the digital world are struggling to get their hands on top exposure algorithms. Their enthusiasm is so great that they make the portal site change the upper exposure algorithm from time to time.  

Not only that, the advertising industry is already dominated by the digital world. The fact that the recently reddened YouTubers' back advertisements exceed tens of millions of won per case also shows that the'everyone marketing era for all' is progressing faster than we thought.  

"Do you have 500 million?" Rather, "Do you have the ability to achieve 5 million views?" has become a much more valuable era.  

2) The era of telecommuting where one must survive only with ability  

Is this long-hardened saying, "I still have to meet and do work", really make sense?  

"If you don't monitor your employees, you'll be lazy."  

These prejudices were the reason why companies could not easily choose to work from home. However, as Corona 19 hit the Earth, many companies were forced to work from home.  

What is surprising is that the achievements achieved through the reluctance to work from home were not very different from before.  

Working from home, such as reducing commuting time, reducing meeting-related time, improving work efficiency, and being able to combine housework and childcare, gave employees great satisfaction.  

Importantly, the company has experienced the same advantages of working from home. The company has found that working from home is a trick to reduce maintenance costs while delivering the same results.  

What will happen when working from home becomes the standard form of work?  

There aren't many ways to evaluate an employee who works from home. Since they do not gather in the office and work, the personnel evaluation department has no choice but to be reorganized around performance that can be thoroughly quantified.  

Also, companies and talents no longer need to simply work in Korea. The time has come for people living in Seoul to work at companies in New York.  

In an era where space and distance disappear, companies will be willing to pay high wages to those with skills, and talented people will find a company that values their value and move freely.  

"What kind of work can you do?" is more important than "where do you work?" In the post-corona era, workers must prove the worth of their salary with their own skills.  

3) Cyber university that beats prestigious universities!?  

In the aftermath of Corona 19, all universities are conducting semesters through distance classes. However, remote classes at low-level universities faced fierce criticism from students.  

A significant number of university professors teach lectures with only PowerPoint (PPT) spaced out or recycle external lectures.  

A significant number of university professors teach lectures with only PowerPoint (PPT) spaced out or recycle external lectures....  

A significant number of university professors teach lectures with only PowerPoint (PPT) spaced out or recycle external lectures.......  

Thanks to the class method changed by Corona 19, Kyunghee Cyber University, Seoul Digital University, Seoul Cyber University, and Hanyang Cyber University are on the rise in admissions not only by adults but also by high school graduates.  

The fact that prestigious universities that used to be lazy to believe in good signboards faced a tremendous crisis. The crisis of Korean universities, which was devoted to providing signboards, was currently in progress.  

"How much can university education catch up to reality?"  

Concerns have been raised continuously. However, the crisis was masked because companies were choosing academic background as a reliable evaluation factor. However, companies are also changing now.  

Companies are realizing that academic background is not directly linked to performance based on the big data they have accumulated so far. Therefore, the more advanced the hiring system is, the more it does not depend only on the academic background.  

Naver and Kakao, emerging as new powers, select talent through online coding tests, offline coding tests, and first and second interviews regardless of education, age, or gender.  

At a time when the aura of the sign of academia is withered and the quality of online lectures is also falling behind, universities are in crisis of despair.  

If cyber universities can substantially improve students' competencies through high-quality lectures, if they can freely listen to lectures from top-notch universities abroad through the Internet, the university system in Korea will face a new phase in the post-corona era. .  

Corona 19 became a tipping point and accelerated the opening of the digital era of'Untact'. Now, many activities, including sales, work, and education, which have been done in real life, are moving into the digital world.  

You can't live in a world of illusions?  

The post-corona society is a society focused on'digitalizing' the real life of'face to face' into a virtual internet space.  

However, there are still many people who have a prejudice against the world of illusions, even though they think that they must prepare for life after Corona 19 in order to survive.  

"Don't live only in a virtual world and communicate in reality!"  

Even after traveling, these people cannot escape from the fictional world of the Internet. Looking at these people, there is a gaze that says'the crisis of humanity'.  

However, the question, "Can humans live in the digital world of virtual images?"  

Today's daily life changed by Corona 19 has no choice, and even grandmothers and grandfathers must learn how to live in harmony with the untact era.  

In the post-corona society, a'passionate digital human' who reserves a luxury hotel pool to upload on social media has a higher chance of success than a person who works hard in reality.  

This is because the core competency in the untact society is "how can we digitize the goods that exist in reality?"  

Living a life that is true to reality is not difficult because it is what everyone has been doing. However, it is not something that everyone can do just because they want to'go online' offline life.  

If we cannot put down our prejudice against the virtual world, the probability of survival will inevitably decrease. If you are preparing for the post-corona era, there is not enough thought to use digital technology appropriately in reality.  

In the era of untact, where information and communication technology started and Corona 19 was ahead, we can survive only when we fall into the illusion.