---
title : I'm also a writer, exercise, everyday, people
subtitle : Story#202010110959
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - I'm also a writer
 - exercise
 - everyday
 - people
date : 2020-10-11T09:59:54+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1571019613576-2b22c76fd955?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
While doing a bare body exercise, I started talking to my coach. (Please refer to the previous daily thoughts regarding naked exercise.)  

As I was exercising, I was suddenly curious and asked my coach.  

"Why is the coach so positive?"  

The coach responded in a clear tone. Coach is a positive person. And he believed in the power of positivity and tried deliberately to expand it. However, there are so many things to be responsible for now, so they try to have a negative perspective as well.  

On the other hand, I think I am a negative person in everything. I tend to see the negative side of doing something big. Previously, I was full of dissatisfaction with doing something. Over time, as I grew older and gained experience, I realized this was a problem. Since then, I have been working hard to think positively. This does not mean that a person with a negative temperament suddenly turns into a positive king one day.  

Most people emphasize the strengths of positivity. However, negative people also have advantages. A negative person is a person who doubts about all phenomena, knocks and crosses the stone bridge. Ironically, it's negative, so you can be a solid person. However, those negative thoughts may have a negative effect on the surroundings. If the mindset of "I can't" and "We can't" expand, eventually, I will eat myself and even my surroundings.  

There are a lot of people around me with similar tendencies. I exercise my bare body and learn a new perspective through talking with a person with a completely different temperament. The harder it is now, the more positive power I need than anything else? I want to be a well-rounded person who is not biased to either side.