---
title : Daily life, essays, thoughts
subtitle : Story#202010111027
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - essays
 - thoughts
date : 2020-10-11T10:27:15+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1522330351968-f52c97705db7?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Unless the job or the main job itself is writing, it doesn't seem easy to write consistently. I actually thought this was a very big mistake. The idea that it was just something that was invented to rationalize laziness or there was nothing to write about.  

But it wasn't. The moment the repetitive routine was in place, I found out that writing entirely for us and because of us was a very serious decision. Since I started and continued to work and work.  

If you want to forget your bad feelings or memories, there is a saying to work first. This advice is mainly given to those who cannot do this or that for some reason, but the effect is strong as it is obvious. Here, "to do" also means "to repeat something." What time in the morning, wake up at what time, head somewhere, fall for hours to do, then come back to sleep. And if you repeat this over and over again, you will forget really bad memories and you will feel clearer.  

'Things to do' are better if simple repetition is needed. Things like cross-stitching, memorizing English words and preparing for exams, carrying luggage, etc. If you expand it a little bit, cleaning goes into here. If you move your body hard, move around and move, time goes by and your eyes change and you feel better. The head becomes calm and moderately tired like a large lake. So we get to think we're forgetting and getting better.  

I also did. Until I don't write.  

As I started my work life, I had work hours, work hours, and work hours. As I became loyal and accustomed to these moments, repetition deeply penetrated my body, and on the days when this frame was broken (such as perception or overtime), I felt really dramatic stress. My work became my daily routine, and as I learned to repeat, I began to move away from writing. Because comfort was guaranteed simply by passing through these times. Because the salary came out and I was able to spend and fill my time with it. I no longer had to think about me. If I just worked hard, I could survive somehow.  

So I started to get distorted. Life repeats itself, but every moment I have forgotten it from me.  

I started to recognize this when I started to be so overwhelmed by my emotions. Let's say that person A is angry with me. The best thing I can do at this time is to head to the thought,'Why is this person mad at me?' When facing conflict, we have to observe this. It is this act to acknowledge and know that there is a problem in order to solve a problem. But I was upset by the fact that at some point I got mad at me. I didn't think about why you were angry with me. The fact that it just took my peace (repetition) paralyzed my thoughts. Obviously, the problem remained a problem.  

I started hoping that my routine would make me forget everything.  

Willing to be fooled by the words that time is medicine.  

That way I stopped writing. There was no need to write. Even though I was looking for me, I was still alive.  

These moments and thoughts were the most dangerous silence and silence.  

It is often said that unhappiness eats up our daily life, but our daily life dilutes our ego and we face unhappiness too tinily without knowing what we want (or just because we want it and don't want to know it). I'm not saying you should deny all repetition. However, since we are not always the same, we must always refresh. When finding directions in the Maps app, we have to have a hard time reminding ourselves of who we are, just like pressing the current location button periodically.  

In order for us to be the main characters,  

In order for us to be happy  

I must not forget me.  

The moment you forget,  

I become a strange unknown even to me.  

Self-determination is blown away without anyone knowing  

The kite that once flew away  

It doesn't come back to me on its own.  

Falling or getting caught in a high place  

We have to find it several times harder.  

So I decided to write before it's too late.  

So I decided to write before it's too late....  

Somehow, anything.