---
title: daily life, happiness, psychology
subtitle : Story#202009090238
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life
 - happiness
 - psychology
date : 2020-09-08T17:38:32+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1529835889331-75eb5a597453?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Slice young leaves and romaine into bite-size pieces, then sprinkle olive oil and sprinkle it with balsamic oil slightly. The vegetables in the refrigerator after washing them clean last night are more crunchy. And after a while, she put on a savory, well-fried almonds following the groom's suggestion to put in nuts, too. And after a while, I dabbed the truffle oil I got from an acquaintance on the salad. The unique large flavor delights the mouth. With a few savory almonds and a drop or two of truffle oil, the table was more enriched and the mind was delighted by the scent of food not only with taste but also with the nose.  

....  

My family doesn't know anything.  

I kick the ball better when I wear lace socks.  

Sandwiches taste much better with a toothpick with pretty decorations.  

....  

(Nancy is a dandy, Jane O'Connor)  

While reading a book with children, I found a stylish man who knew the flavor of life. It is the main character that I saw at first glance on a Disney TV program, and I hit my knee while reading "Nancy is a Handsome" with my child. Oh, she knows how to dress up. It's a cool way to change ordinary daily life into something special with a very small change.  

I made a reservation on the phone when I heard that a great French restaurant opened. I said I'd accompany my child, but he politely gives me specifications. You can't bring a child with you. With the birth of children (especially with two children), there have been many restrictions on 'special' events. Travel destinations and nearby outings had to be chosen as places for children to play, and simple dining out should also be a non-spicy menu for children to eat. Even mothers should choose clothes that are comfortable to wear with their children. I thought "cool" should be put off for a while in my mother's life. However, when I saw Nancy, I realized, "Ah-ha." (Adults learn so much from children's fairy tales.) The everyday style, it didn't come from any special place. Like a few grains of almonds on a salad, like a sprinkled truffle oil, a tiny addition can add flavor to life.  

I ordered my favorite picture frame a few days ago. When I hung a picture in a corner of the kitchen, the father of the child asks strangely.  

"If I hang there, I won't see anyone..."  

"I see it."  

I was satisfied. No one recognized me, and I didn't need to let it go. Just a glimpse of the painting while washing the dishes or going by, has enriched my mind. This is what adds flavor to my life, I was happy to think back to myself. They do housework listening to their favorite music, or try pretty color nail polish on ugly toes that no one sees. The things that I sprinkle on my mind in my daily life make my life taste good.  

On a busy morning, the child hesitates in front of the shoe rack before going to kindergarten. I thought I'd put these shoes on or off, and then I chose one with a satisfied face. It is to choose shoes that match the clothes that the child is wearing today. On the other hand, I was worried about being late, and I found the child interesting. You know how to be cool, asshole.  

Adding flavor to life requires enormous determination, or does not cost much money. Add small things one by one to my life. Tap tap tap... ...everyday life gets richer little by little by little.  



