---
title: picture, daily life, picture essay
subtitle : Story#202009090732
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - picture
 - daily life
 - picture essay
date : 2020-09-08T22:32:56+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1495808089756-688a7abff51d?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

The moon and stars filled with cool blue and room.  

I drew a picture in June with a cool blue color and the theme of stars and moon filled with rooms.  

The month of June was a day when cool wind blew through the open windows because of the hot weather.  

It's hot, but cool wind comes in through the window, and I see the shadow color in the room change over time,  

Looking at the room full of cool blue shadows, I chose the main color for this month's series.   

Based on the cool blue color, I drew three pictures of stars and moons decorating all over the room.  

The stars on the ceiling, the paintings on the walls, Garland hanging everywhere.  

From the first set of stars to the last Garland, I drew what I did in each painting in this series.  

Stick a glow-in-the-dark star, draw a picture on the wall, hang a piece of paper on a long string and hang it in the room. These are all the things I used to do when I was young.  

In the first picture, the stars are attached to the ceiling. When I was young, I always liked to put glow-in-the-dark stars all over my room, so I was the first thing I did when I moved.  

When it was dark, I loved sleeping in the room looking at the glowy glow stars.  

The glow-in-the-dark stars, which were only fluorescent yellow, became more colorful, and there were more shapes than the moon and stars, but I only liked the shape of stars in fluorescent yellow.  

In the second picture, I'm drawing in a corner of the wall. When I was young, I used to scribble here and there because all the empty places were drawing paper.  

Not only the wall, but also the bottom of the desk, the inside and sides of the drawer.  

As I grew older, I stopped scribbling here and there, but instead, I put a lot of pictures and pictures on the wall.  

It was fun to think about which poster to draw on the wall.  

In the last picture, the wall and star-shaped paper are made of garland and hung all over the room.  

I drew it based on the memory of hanging the colored paper on a long string and hanging it all over the room.  

When I was young, I liked drawing, origami, and making things. Most of my childhood memories are related to paintings and colored paper.  

In this picture, I cut colored paper and made garland and hung it all over the room.  

Since March, cats have been appearing in the picture together.  

Following a tricolor cat, a cheese cat, and a tuxedo cat, this month our cat "Nani" is the model.  

I used to draw a single cat, but it was hard to express it.  

I wanted to draw a picture of the pattern and fur together, but I don't think it's enough to capture all the images I've seen every day.  

I always find it difficult to express my feelings about the object.  

This month's theme was "Roadfish," so I wanted to draw a cat that's always with me, so I appeared in the June series.  

Whenever I do something, I like to poke my nose and watch from the side, so I drew him doing that in every picture.  

This month, I drew it like a series, not a separate painting, under the theme of "Room-kko-gi."  

To make the series more obvious, I set it up as the same space, and when I looked at the three paintings, I thought about it from a different point of view.  

There are many different parts of the painting, but I wanted to show you a unified feeling overall.  

It was fun to figure out what to put in props, posters, and pots.  

I think it was my first time to use things that looked different from time to time and invisible to design the screen and change the details little by little and move it was my first time working on it.  

The main color theme of June was cool blue, but when I first started working on it, I focused on blue and was worried about how to fix it because it felt so green.  

From the next picture, I adjusted the blue color to make it lighter and cooler.  

I hope that you can feel the coolness of the paintings as much as much as you can feel the cool breeze.  

I'll wrap up the story of June's painting here. Let's meet next month with paintings in July.  

