---
title: Daily life, coincidence, camera
subtitle : Story#202009090258
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - coincidence
 - camera
date : 2020-09-08T17:58:06+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1587304656679-51448e5bac50?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I thought about buying a camera for a long time, but I finally got my hands on it recently. Not on the list, but a completely new choice. I often make these random decisions at the end. And start to add numerous reasons for this decision. It's to have a little courtesy for my past troubles. He comforted me by saying that I didn't choose you for a reason.  

The biggest reason why I bought a camera is because I don't know anything about it, and I don't care about its composition and everything. I wanted to make my daily life into a movie.  

The easiest way to hold onto a landscape for a long time is to leave a picture. If you press the shutter, it just passes by and adds meaning to the moment that you don't even remember. The time that's been fast clicking on your cell phone will now be captured more carefully, more clearly, and more slowly on your camera. It takes a little longer to turn on the camera than when you run the app, and it adds time to touch the aperture without knowing anything. Even the slower pace adds meaning to the moment.  

The first thing I do when I go to work every day is to open the window wide. The buildings in front are the same, and the time zones in the sky are similar. What changes every day is the flow of light and wind. The daily differences usually pass by.  

Shortly after he went to work, he opened the window and saw the scene, which was captured by a camera, and was placed inside the image. A part of everyday life is reborn as a scene in a movie. The rustling sound of leaves rubbing against each other due to the fierce wind, and the afternoon light that warmly surrounds the area in contrast to the fierce wind. Everyone becomes a scene from a July day in 'I'm' movie and is locked until the day I try again. It is not yet clear what it will mean later.  

