---
title: Dementia, grandmother, daily life
subtitle : Story#202009090337
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Dementia
 - grandmother
 - daily life
date : 2020-09-08T18:37:47+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1565615833231-e8c91a38a012?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Two months have passed since I was diagnosed with dementia at the hospital.  

There seems to be a lot of changes, but nothing has changed in our daily lives much.  

Our daily routine is as follows.  

To keep a light on the bathroom in front of Grandma's room all night for the grandmother who finds the bathroom when she wakes up.  

To put water and a glass of water by the bedside for an old lady who is thirsty in her sleep and wants to drink water  

Giving a cup of coffee after a meal for an old lady who likes mixed coffee.  

When you give pocket money, count and be happy, and give a thousand won bills.  

Showing you Mr. Trot, allowing you to sing all morning.  

Daddy buying puffed rice for grandma's snack  

All of a sudden, I think of a sad past, and when I sob, I pretend not to know.  

Cream bread, dumplings, sundae, and snacks that Grandma likes.  

Finally, touching Grandma's shoulder before bed.  

"How was your day?"  

"It was great."  

"Oh~ Then tomorrow will be very good too. Sleep tight and see you tomorrow." And leave the door open.  

Not leaving Grandma alone in the dark  

Our daily lives are small and monotonous, as if we were swimming in a calm lake.  

But the minds that think of each other overflowing.  

I am thankful that we are by each other's side today and feel happy to be with each other.  

