---
title: occupation, daily life, society
subtitle : Story#202009090418
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - occupation
 - daily life
 - society
date : 2020-09-08T19:18:16+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1482974459551-98f0dceb23a4?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

※Today's article can be seen on video.  

I live in the dormitory now, and it takes about 15 minutes to walk from the dormitory to the lab. I can only walk around for exercise when the weather is good, but as the weather gets hotter and hotter, I couldn't help it. I ended up buying a scooter because of the heat that can't be stopped by mass production.  

I rode a scooter for a while when I was a undergraduate, so I bought a second-hand scooter at the scooter store I used to go to. It was fine at the time of purchase, but I got it repaired about three times because there were minor problems when I got on board. Every time I went, I was worried about the cost of repairs, but the boss gave me free repairs, saying that it was your sale and that I should take responsibility. It may be obvious, but I was very grateful for such a strong professional spirit. Even if you asked for money, I couldn't help it.  

The owner of the scooter repair shop is a must for society, but in fact, when it comes to "job," he won't have to do a lot of things dynamically, such as high ransom. It seems more likely to be a repetitive task to fight monotony or boredom, rather than creating a large social value added value. So maybe there's no romantic reason why the boss chose the job. It may be a matter of choice to literally live rather than the tenacity of "this life and job."  

But it's also a job, so it's necessary in the world. It's work because the world needs it and gets paid for it, so I think there's nothing that the world doesn't need. My daily life would have been ruined if there weren't any students who gave me delicious food, paid for groceries, and welcomed me, teachers at the cafeteria, the owner of the meat restaurant who gave me a few more pieces of meat to cheer me up because I'm going to have a hard time studying, and designers who have been supporting me and cutting my hair in the same place for years.  

Although the size of colors that are painted on the world's drawing paper may be different, I think they are all precious colors that are necessary to decorate the drawing paper beautifully. I think it would be a wonderful world if we could respect each other and be proud of each other and do it well. Sometimes what we do feels boring and nothing, but we're all heroes who are moving the world little by little.  

