---
title: Country, freelance, daily life
subtitle : Story#202009090315
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Country
 - freelance
 - daily life
date : 2020-09-08T18:15:31+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1542365294386-a938c66551cd?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I thought 'Morning Man' existed only on TV with my parents. Before we came here, we were night people. In particular, Ninna's case was a perfect nocturnal nightlife when she went to bed at dawn at 4 to 5 a.m.  

Before moving in, we naturally put a blackout curtain in our shopping cart. However, we were unable to make payment due to pocket circumstances. Our house faces southeast and the sun hits through the large windows of the main room. At first, my body was burning, and my watch began to move faster than I thought, as if I were a vampire in the sun.  

Strangely enough, I felt clear. I felt how long I could spend a day even if I woke up at the same time in the morning, and that I felt healthier than anything else. They agreed not to buy blackout curtains.  I decided to get up a little earlier in the summer and a little more lazy in the winter.  

As the time spent together piled up, we had our own daily routine. These are daily lives that have not been decided or done by anyone, but now they have been cut into the body like a habit. This is our usual days, especially when we're not going out or being chased by deadlines.  

Seven to eight a.m., I open my eyes first. When there is a deadline, I get up and write, or read news, do Facebook, play games, and roll around in bed.  

From 9 a.m. to 10 a.m., Ninna slowly wakes up and wriggles. It's time to wake up! Only two of you take them out for a morning walk. I prepare breakfast for my children's snacks. The breakfast menu is already set mainly on the food left on the previous day. I like clear soup, so doenjang soup or bean sprout soup is my favorite menu. Sit down with half-asleep Mr. Ninna and eat.  

After eating, I wash the dishes and Mr. Ninna makes coffee. Nina's hand drip coffee is a complete waste!! I used to buy roasted beans and grind them, but these days, I'm roasting them directly in a frying pan.  It is burning, undercooked, and accumulating its own data. We can enjoy a fresher flavor by roasting only the amount we drink twice a week. After washing the dishes and feeding the dogs, coffee is completed.  

I always enjoy coffee time on the terrace. Except when it rains, it always goes out hot or cold. On the terrace lies a set of plastic tables pretending to be radan shipped directly to China, deceived by the word ratan. No wonder it was cheap. When the weather is nice, Nam-sil and Yoon-seul also come out to enjoy sunbathing. I dazed and enjoyed the sunshine, wind, and bird sounds of the day. I'm proud that this is the beauty of rural life.  

The most important topic of tea time is what to eat for dinner tonight. And we share everyday stories that we can't even remember, such as work stories, weather news, and news we saw in the morning. It's my favorite time.  

It's time to work in earnest. They usually have their own time from 12 to 5 o'clock (even in front of the computer facing them). I do something to work on, watch blogs, YouTube, and write. Ninna makes snacks, saying, "I get hungry around three o'clock." It's mainly noodles. Bibim-guksu in summer, janchi-guksu in winter-Ninna's noodles are really good enough to be sold. I'm the only one who gained weight while eating together, so I've put a ban on noodles these days.  

Nam-sil goes for a walk around 5 or 6 o'clock. I've been to the town down there for exercise. A few years ago, the mountain used to be easily burnt, but now you have to bring it with you when you come back. The violets have already come out. When did you finish the field? Look at the seedlings planted in the jujube field~ We're having a small conversation as we walk. There are mulberry and chestnut trees on this walking course. It's fun to pick up odi in summer and chestnuts in autumn.  

Dinner is the most important time for us. Both like to drink, so most people enjoy delicious food and accompaniment (although they drink a little too much to say accompaniment). Most of them plan for a week in advance on what to eat, mainly for special discounts and seasonal ingredients. Cooking is mostly made together. My brother sent me pork belly yesterday. I ate grilled pork belly.  

(What's left to talk about?) If you're excited and excited, it's Cinema Heaven Time. I want to know a light movie that is good to watch while drinking. I usually watch reruns and classic sitcom Friends. I go to bed around midnight. Ninna-Namsil-Na-Yunseul falls asleep lying down in order.  

It's amazing. I'm stuck 24 hours a day and a week, but I have something to tell you. Comfortable air is good even if you don't say anything.  

I have a couple of close friends. I often get a phone call because I'm drunk. It's not fun when you two drink together. There is another friend who says it's not fun to travel alone, so she always goes with her husband and wife. Come to think of it, my mom also says that traveling with friends is more fun than my dad. I thought it was sad.  

If someone asks me what is the most important part of living together, I will answer it as a taste, not a breadwinner. As much as we have to spend a long time together - the story is well connected, the code is right, and the two of us have to have fun together to keep looking forward to more time.  

When someone asks you what's the best thing about living together, the beginning and the end of the day are always together.  

Most of the time, I open my eyes first, but when I approach and hug them, I can feel the body temperature and breath. In a tough world where nothing goes my way, this is enough, relieved. It comforts me.  


