---
title: Cats, daily life, and pets
subtitle : Story#202009090359
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Cats
 - daily life
 - and pets
date : 2020-09-08T18:59:20+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1559453443-5e70ffd10a31?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

The second cat's name is Kkobong. Kkobong is a Bangal cat and is a single breed. After a year or so, Kkobong said, "My husband seems to be too bored alone," adding, "Let's bring one more." He started looking for the cat and brought it to Gwangju, South Jeolla Province.  

Bangal is very active and has a good physique due to the nature of the species. So, I was worried about copper, so I named it 'Kko-bong' on purpose. It means don't attack your brother (Guri). Follow your name. You have a very gentle personality. You have such a good personality. My husband and I think that if Kkobong were the same cat, we would raise 10 cats.  

The third cat is Siru. Shiru was brought from the apartment at the end of last fall with a nose shot. I got to bring a guy who's been wandering the streets alone on his way to work. The child was only a month old then.  

I took care of a kitten, whose teeth barely began to grow and whose claws couldn't hide, by feeding it powdered milk and lowering its bowels. One day I only ate and couldn't poop, and one day I shook with diarrhea. I was worried that this might go wrong.  

I spent every day worrying about how well I could grow up... It's been more than seven months. A scrupulous man now haunts his 7- and 8-year-old brothers. There's no difference between a gangster. (Cat!)  

In my house, cats are a vital source of energy. When the husband leaves work and enters the front door, the cats appear first. Then says the husband.  

"Are you only welcoming the cat?"  

She grumbles to me and my children, but she petts the cat, saying it is pretty.  

How's your daughter? While studying or playing games, I like to hug and pet a cat. When I go out, I miss my cat and say let's go home.  

In my house, the cat and the person who is most brazen is my son. The sons and cats treat each other like little. It is said that pets can be good friends for children with developmental disabilities, but the son does not seem to be.  

It's me who sees the cat's effects the most in my house. I have to take care of my food, I have to clean my bathroom, and I have to buy food and other things, but... I am getting a lot of help from cats even though I have to endure that.  

When I look back after being tired and tired of studying and writing, the cats are sleeping here and there. Even though I'm just sleeping, that makes me feel good. I can't stop laughing. I feel comfortable when I go to the side and lie down together while patting it. Lying like that for a while feels like healing.  

Let's live together for a long time.  

