---
title: daily life, observation, fence
subtitle : Story#202009090435
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life
 - observation
 - fence
date : 2020-09-08T19:35:23+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1579113813907-73c7856e1dfe?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

#1  

I tend to walk for a short time after lunch. When you have a friendly chat with a colleague, alone observes small changes. Even a boring rainy season can't stop your walking instinct. When the drizzling rain turns into a heavy rain, the dull emotions come alive.  

The sound of the creeping stream, the sound of the rain, and the bitter sound of the wind chirping create a momentary concert. The shoes were wet, but it was good to get out.  

#2  

The mailbox is friendly. As I got used to SNS, my handwritten letter is gradually being forgotten. Even the excitement of writing all night long has become a faint memory.  

#3  

In "Civilization, Ask for its Way," there is a story of four months of correspondence and communication with Wendell Berry, a first-generation environmental activist in the United States. Living in a quiet countryside where there is no e-mail and you can receive regular mail. The author sends the letter carefully, waits for about two months, and then receives the letter. After that, the process of exchanging letters and interviewing each other gave a calm impression. As much as the time matured, the encounter became special.  

#4  

Most of the wood consumed on Earth is supplied from rainforests. But the rainforest, called Earth's lungs, is not only being cut down for wood use, but is gradually being devastated as it is turned into a pasture for meat. Plant diversity is being destroyed by indiscriminate logging. As a result, nightmarish concerns are looming as natural enemies disappear, disrupting the ecosystem, and even creating infectious diseases. 문Civilization, asking the way 길을  

Modern civilization is rushing forward like a runaway locomotive. The development of science and technology has created a comfortable world. But  

It is as harmful as one enjoys it. Nature is often angry, losing her self-purification ability. According to environmental experts, the destruction of the Earth's ozone layer evaporates more than necessary water, loses balance, resulting in more torrential rains, snows until spring, spring floods, summer droughts, and massive hurricanes and typhoons. In short, it is a global crisis.  

Indiscriminate resource development made Utopia dream but returned to the rebellion of nature. Perhaps the reason why the virus is raging is that human futile creatures have appeared and destroyed the ecosystem.  

#5  

The fence is quite high. The walls are as oppressive as the walls that block enemies. It is a one-sided view that can only be viewed from the inside. It's bitter that you're watching, though the police will be looking at you and your privacy will be protected. It is because the separation from the outside is as high as the bricks piled up. However, the gate left room for communication.  

#6  

Mugunghwa bloomed alone. Like a street lamp...  

