---
title: daily life, thoughts, botanical garden
subtitle : Story#202009090711
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life
 - thoughts
 - botanical garden
date : 2020-09-08T22:11:30+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1553762869-cbb606f987b5?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

It's been a long time since I posted, and I thought of all sorts of things, but I decided to keep them in my mind. Thank you for just recovering your daily routine, and I would like to write a positive article from now on. In the hope that this space, which almost piled up the excrement of emotions, will be transformed into a space that contains happiness even though it is an enemy with small daily memories, we decided to first capture what we do every day.  

The Seoul Botanical Garden was built about 2.5 kilometers from home. Ride the Ttareungi to the entrance, take one round around and one round inside. There are differences from day to day, but when you walk roughly, you walk 15,000 steps. The stretched waist-accuracy feels the circumference of the abdomen and walks with hands on the waist that no longer needs a belt. Just walk.  

On a day when I feel like it, I walk to the driveway of the Han River. They stare blankly at cars running on the Olympic Boulevard or at people running along the Han River. Some people may look out of their minds. It doesn't matter. My daily recovery begins with interest in others. For nearly a decade, he begins to recover from his life as a wanderer and from turning consciousness too buried in him alone around. Perhaps the world is quite a place to live with even thought.  

