---
title: Daily life, drama, son
subtitle : Story#202009090159
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - drama
 - son
date : 2020-09-08T16:59:28+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1587304656679-51448e5bac50?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

My husband and I don't watch dramas that we want to watch right away, but after the drama ends, we get all the episodes and watch as much time as we want, which is our only hobby and small joy.  

I put my child to sleep last night and watched it close to three o'clock this morning, shouting "Prison Playbook" for ten more minutes.  

After Corona 19 began, the day time with 10-year-old only son, who shouted "Play with him" almost all day long, gradually became more and more immersed in the character, which is a little lacking in behavior and justice compared to the main character's good body, while being worried about what to do when he gets irritated by his son while being half asleep.  

At nine o'clock in the morning, I dropped my coffee thick and took a sip of it with half-washed snow. While looking at his son, who is sitting on his seat with online learning turned on, he roughly drew what he had to do today.   

Cherries, cherry tomatoes, melons, bean sprouts, green onions, cucumbers, pork belly, sesame leaves, milk, etc. that will take charge of our table today.  

While cleaning fruit for my child in a state of unconsciousness, my eyes opened wide in the cute world before my eyes.  

The stars that came to the fruit village...  

How can I feel that I received a fresh day as a gift to look like Earth?  

A momentary limp of my body summons my consciousness. Let's have a good day!!  

But I hope tonight comes soon. I can see a wise life in prison.  

