---
title: Kia Motors, System, Daily Life
subtitle : Story#202009090654
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Kia Motors
 - System
 - Daily Life
date : 2020-09-08T21:54:54+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1567095628793-824bf22ab981?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

How far is the convenience of cars? Cars that used to provide comfortable movement now help smooth out the moments of everyday life. It solves minor inconveniences through technology in life with cars. You can enjoy a wise car life by changing indoor temperatures due to smartphone operation, conveniently operating various functions with voice commands even while driving, and controlling various functions of your home from your car. Through the two videos, we looked into the smart daily moments presented by Kia Motors' infotainment system.  

More convenient and secure movement  

A woman walking on the phone with someone inside a building late in the evening is the main character, Flore. She may be exhausted on her way home from work, but somehow she seems to have been reminded. Because a dinner date with my beloved husband is waiting. While urging her to step forward, she stops for a while and executes the "UVO" application (UVO app), Kia's connected car service. This is to set the indoor temperature of the car to 24 degrees Celsius before boarding and remotely start the engine.  

Soon, the parked K5 will start and the air conditioning unit will operate. The "Remote Climate Control" function started the car before boarding, preheating the engine and turning on the heater to set the room temperature to an appropriate level. You don't have to feel any more discomfort when you had to get on a car that was heated by summer heat or the coldness of winter.  

Flores, who entered the parking lot, will then send the destinations searched by smartphones to car navigation through the "Destination Transmission" function. By using this function, users can receive directions without having to operate a separate navigation system. The route to the destination can be identified and identified in advance, enabling safer and more efficient driving.  

Flore also uses a smartphone to open the car door. The "Digital Key" can be connected to the app and open the car door if the smartphone you set is brought close to the driver's handle. It is convenient to open a car door without holding a physical key.  

The advantage of digital keys is that they support the 'Personalized Profile' feature. Digital keys provide a personalized environment for each pre-registered user when the car is opened. It recognizes the driver through a smartphone and adjusts the driver's seat, the angle of the side mirror, and the radio frequency according to the existing stored information. It is convenient because you don't have to adjust the specifications every time the driver changes.  

You can also share your digital key with others in the form of text messaging. In other words, access to and use of cars can be transmitted wirelessly. Up to four people can register a smartphone's digital key, including a driver per car.  

As she sits in the driver's seat, the navigation screen is performing other tasks before marking the destination. The newly added or changed software information, including navigation, has been updated. The "Wireless Update" feature uses wireless communication to keep the car's software, such as navigation map information, up to date. There is no hassle of having to visit a repair shop for updates or download data by connecting a separate device.  

As Flore's arrival is later than the appointment time, a call comes from her husband, Gavin. When asked about the arrival time, Flore says he will send his current location. Then press the voice recognition button on the steering wheel to tell Allen to share his destination. The K5 is equipped with a "Voice Recognition" function that allows drivers to control their cars with their voice. Thanks to this, you don't have to distract your eyes or take your hands off the steering wheel to manipulate the infotainment system or air conditioning. Using big data from Kakao i, Kakao's artificial intelligence platform, the voice recognition rate is excellent and it is also possible to talk in natural language that is used on a daily basis.  

When Flore shares his location through the "Share My Car Location" function, a text message link is sent to Gavin's smartphone. The person who receives the text can check the driver's current location on the map, the time remaining until arrival, and the speed of driving. If Gavin is also currently on the move using a car, they can exchange positions with each other through the "Share My Car Location" function. Entering the UVO number of the other car shows the direction and speed of the other car on the navigation screen of my car.  

smooth transition and daily connection  

After eating, Flore and Gavin head for a parked vehicle. The two look around and get help from the UVO app to see if they can't remember the location of the car. Floret used the Parking Location Check function to check where the car was parked. When the AR (Augmented Reality) mode button is selected, a virtual arrow guides you to the location of the car. Just follow the arrow on the screen and you can easily find where the car is.  

Gavin drives home, not Flore. This time, Gavin opens the car door with his own smartphone. The car, which recognizes Allen as a driver, automatically adjusts the position of the driver's seat and side mirror, which had been geared to Flore's height, to suit Gavin. The radio frequency is also changed to what Gavin likes to listen to. Kia Motors Corp. digital key is to support personalized profile to work with possible to the area. Whenever the driver changes, it is convenient because the seat and side mirror positions do not have to be adjusted, and there is no inconvenience or anxiety caused by minor differences.  

Gavin checks the results of sporting events during dinner time on the infotainment screen. Also, check the current weather information and tomorrow's weather. The "Sports (Weather Information)" function delivers real-time weather information necessary for drivers' interests and driving in advance. Then, when Gavin set his destination home through a server-based voice recognition function, navigation provides the best route.  

On the way home, Flore reaches out to the infotainment system screen and presses the "Car-to-Home" button. KATUHOME is a function that can remotely control IoT devices such as home appliances, air conditioning and heating systems, as well as lighting at home. When the temperature in the house is set to 23 degrees and the living room lights are turned on, the couple's house lights up.  

A couple heading home listening to music. Although she is listening to music through her husband's smartphone while driving, she seems to have a separate song she wants to listen to. Flore is going to set up a screen that connects Bluetooth with a smartphone. Previously, there was only one smartphone that could be connected to the vehicle, so it had to be disconnected from existing devices to use other smartphones. However, Kia's infotainment system supports the "Bluetooth Multi Connection" function, allowing users to connect two phones at once, allowing them to change their smartphones while driving without interruption.  

The couple will return home comfortably through Kia's advanced infotainment system. The K5 works with smartphones to help keep everyday small moments more convenient and smooth. Sometimes a smart and reliable guide, a secretary who recognizes users without speaking, is a friend who fills the travel time pleasantly. Smart and affluent life with cars has already begun. I wonder what infotainment features and services Kia will offer in the future, and how much more convenient our daily lives will be.  


