---
title: On our way to work, our daily lives,
subtitle : Story#202009090515
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - On our way to work
 - our daily lives,
date : 2020-09-08T20:15:27+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1531160492875-2a09eb0cd73b?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

The way to work was not rough the next day when it snowed more than I thought. Yesterday was a really dangerous road, but today I drove my car to work with the soft handling as usual. I don't know if it's because I've been doing a lot of work lately, because I have to write and sleep regularly before going to bed, or maybe because I don't spend my time properly, but I don't have enough time to sleep. Because of that, I feel very heavy on my way to work in the morning these days. Thanks to YouTube, who is my friend on my way to work every day, I am not bored and sometimes getting useful information.  

Once I get to work, I turn on the heater no matter what when it's cold these days. It takes a long time for the room to get hot due to the central heating system, so I turned on the heater placed in my personal seat. What's wrong with this? There was a spark and the fuse was blown out. The commotion caused a mishap in which not only my seat but also the heater of the staff next door did not work. It's the coldest day I've ever had. I felt something weird at this time. Maybe it's because of the evil.  

The multi-tap, which could not withstand the accumulated energy, was overloaded, and I was worried for a while about falling down while dragging my tired body. I'll be busy for a while. We should have endured this time, but let's hang in there a little longer. First of all, the things that have been set up will be completed in February to some time in February. Well, it sounds like you're doing a lot of work, but if you look at it, it's not really. The real estate lecture assignments, writing, and the end. Of course, it takes about two hours every day, so I'm busy, but I don't think I'm doing it efficiently. Let's hang in there first since we're busy at work in February.  

Time goes by so quickly these days that it feels like a day is short, and so is it today. I started work in a chaotic atmosphere in the morning, and there were issues that could be heard internally. The cause coexisted both externally and internally, but it seemed that internal problems could be solved first. There is a manager who is only one year older and gets close to him, who often shares their thoughts with each other when there is an issue within the branch. Since there is a slight difference in basic tendencies, there is a difference of opinion, but the direction and perception of problems that you want to move forward are very similar, so I feel like my thoughts are organized after the conversation. I'm feeling more and more deeply how important it is to work with someone who has similar values or who can communicate well.  

After finishing one of the things that had not been solved well, I went straight to the bathroom at a moment's leisure because it was time for no customers. I've been busy lately, so I don't have a good time to go to the bathroom, so I try to go whenever I have time. This is one of the hardships of this job. Well, it can't be helped. Anyway, I spent half the morning and enjoyed a short break in the bathroom, and the thought suddenly crossed my mind. February 18th. It's my wife's birthday.  

What kind of man are you? You always write and study, do you forget your wife's birthday?'  

In my head another ego was rattling me, and my fingers were typing messages quickly.  

"Happy birthday, honey."  

Thankfully, my wife replies to my congratulatory message, which is much later than usual.  

"Thank you for your love."  

I just wished you a happy birthday, but thank you for accepting my love. I couldn't celebrate such a person's birthday. Phew...  

When I pushed him to develop himself, he felt sorry for becoming a husband who didn't even take care of his birthday. My heart was heavy all day long at work. Of course, there was nothing to be burdened by the fact that recently we have been simply eating a delicious meal and skipping gifts without taking care of our anniversary. Nevertheless, the failure to remember and even to properly congratulate him meant otherwise. After work, my wife smiled brightly at me, but I couldn't smile brightly at her. It's good to live hard for the future, but I hope you don't miss out on your surroundings. I need to organize my thoughts. Of course, I'll just hang in there until this month.  

+ I want to say it again through this article.  

Thank you for coming to me. Let's be together until the day we die. I love you from the bottom of my heart.  

