---
title: Daily life, airport, entry
subtitle : Story#202009090536
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - airport
 - entry
date : 2020-09-08T20:36:19+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1598497646822-1ce3c995e383?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

After occasionally reading brunch, he couldn't endure 14 days of confinement? He took a pen and lifted the lid of his laptop.  

Ten days after my arrival from Cairo, I still have four days left, and my four family members - envied by any man who goes out to throw away food waste with a very annoying look - are the self-praiser of overseas inflow.  

Even in June, when the entire family had to return home for a while due to work at the Korean headquarters, Egypt's airport was shut down, waiting for another month with half hope and half up, and on July 1, the first day of the airport's opening, he arrived in his home country he missed and missed in 24 hours, including a nine-hour stopover in Dubai.  

The installation of self-isolation applications, inspections, and strict quarantine inspections at the airport, which began with the incident in which the eldest son, who never ate, did not take off his mask, and remained awake at the airport to check for corona due to a slight fever, caused no small shock to the nation's moist air that was different from the dry climate in Egypt.  

Following the first fever, the son lined up to get a checkup from a doctor who was a second checkup, and the police and soldiers spoke in rare words even though the child, who had never lived in Korea since the school age, was restless and anxious about having to come to Wonju, an isolated place after the examination. While the conversation was going on, whether it was a volunteer, thank you, or where you came from, we conveyed the situation in Egypt where we live, and the soldier even reassured and comforted us, saying, "You came well." How sad and lonely would it have been without the soldier's warm words, "How well did you come?" in various malicious comments that ran after the family who returned home on a special plane was confirmed to be a corona, and hesitating to go to Korea to become a burden to their family or friends.  

So is the life of overseas Koreans.  

Though I came back after a long time with excitement, I was too busy to pursue my daily life in Korea, and even though I lived there for a long time, I still had a hard time living foreigner. Of course, most of my life is a time of gratitude and joy, but sometimes I reflect on who I am quite often and seriously due to the absence of a sense of belonging.  

For more than ten days, let's briefly talk about the difficulties and loneliness that have been piling up in the hope of being isolated from the green trees outside the window, clean air walks, pork cutlet houses in front of the apartment, and the wonderful bakery cafe next to them, but I'm still happy.  

I didn't see the TV program of the familiar language and the delivery man's face, but the delicious jajangmyeon delivered to the door, and the expectation and hope that I'll be in the pork cutlet family that smells like oil in that green grass in four days.  

epilogue  

The next day, the son, who had been worried about him, finished the airport adventure with a warm explanation of the accommodation and meals provided by returning to Incheon Airport alone (of course, with the help of the local government)  

Even talking with his brother, who is studying abroad at the Dongbyeon University, is a time of rest and surprise for his son due to his recklessness and boldness, and his children grow up well only when they give up their children.  

