---
title: Retirement, cat, everyday
subtitle : Story#202009181145
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Retirement
 - cat
 - everyday
date : 2020-09-18T02:45:29+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1556089128-7f0353d6a9dc?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

D-DAY -21 Rays come to me around 5-6, and I'm a little mother~ and crush. (Our Ray is a mother~ to me, and he does not say it is a mother~.) I stroke Ray while I am sleeping. If you take turns strokes with him for a long time, Ray goes out of the room to eat, rest in the bathroom, and meows loudly once or twice. When we fall asleep, it sits between him and me again, about the shoulders of my arms. We stroke the non-monetary ray. The time to wake up and stroke the ray while sleeping is the best of the day. The 7 o'clock weather alarm sounds. Ray fell asleep with his face in my armpits and arms and legs raised to me (holding me tightly). This moment is so good that it does not happen. If Ray continues to sleep, we just continue to sleep. I get up forcibly when I get to sleep more than 8 o'clock. When the sun goes down, the energy goes down, so it wakes up very early in the summer and late in the winter.)  

At the living room table, breakfast is served with bread and cinnamon rooibos from a local bakery. Throw a wool ball at Ray and let him play alone. If you talk while eating breakfast, it's over 10 o'clock. Ray is exhausted from playing alone and sleeps in Scratcher on the table. One day, when he reads a book in a large room, Ray sleeps on his lap.  

Each person reads a book, writes a blog, writes, or surfs the Internet. If someone is hungry between 12 and 1 o'clock, prepare lunch. He is good at cooking. I also like to make food. Over the past year, he conquered several side dishes, soups, and stew. We usually eat one food and eat it all. Rather than having several side dishes and sharing them for several days, they eat one delicious thing and eat it all at one meal. Even side dishes such as stir-fried anchovies or stir-fried shrimp are eaten in 2-3 times no matter how much. Kimchi stew, grilled vegetables, bean sprouts soup with egg, egg soup, rice cake dumpling soup, seaweed soup, Thai fried rice, Indonesian fried rice, etc. I eat, wash (I wash it now. I hate taking a shower every day when I go to work. I can't open my eyes and take a shower. Weekends and vacations are late washing days because of sleep. Some days I put off washing and then wash late in the afternoon, so I only wash once a day. They say that they can wash it, protect the environment, save the soap price, and I like it as one stone.) I read books, talk, and read English conversation books for a while. Sometimes the place becomes a local café or stays at home. I also go to the library to borrow books. These days, I rarely go out because of corona. There is no need to go out. E-Mart delivery is mainly used for necessary goods and ingredients. One thing you must do once a day is cleaning. Ray's hairs are not easy, and I have a cat hair allergy, so I need to clean it every day. If cleaning is the must-do, the optional things to do are laundry and washing dishes. We are not on the neat side. Some people do the dishes after eating each meal, but we do the dishes when the dishes are gone. If you want to wash the dishes often, you can reduce the number of dishes. (If you live as a minimalist, this will be solved, but he doesn't want it.) So doing the dishes is not a must. You can do it this evening, or tomorrow morning if you are tired. Ah... Ray rice bowl and water bowl are exceptions. I change the water twice a day, but I don't have a replacement bowl, so I have to wash it. There is no substitute for the rice bowl, so I wash it several times a day. Must-do cleaning is done between 4 and 8 pm. Day to day is different. When someone runs the vacuum cleaner, others do the dishes. When he turns the laundry, I put the lei fur on my bedding and clear the lei toilet. He cleans our bathroom. In most of us, when one person starts doing housework, the other person finds something and does it. I ride an indoor bike for 30-40 minutes about twice a week. On non-bicycle days, do two sets of 30 squats. I do it before bed. On the third day, do 10 push-ups leaning against the sink. He followed along and laughed at him saying that he would do it all day. I have weak arm strength. I can't support my weight with my arms. However, my waist is on the strong side, so I carry all heavy items such as lei sand at home. Come to think of it, I would have told him this when he laughed (suddenly unfair). He does sit-ups, squats or biking, push-ups, and stretching. I do it about 4 days a week, and I skip 3 days as an excuse. Around 5 o'clock I think of a beer. I usually drink cheap and delicious whale painting beer, and sometimes I drink Big Wave, a discount product in February at E-Mart 24 o'clock. This is expensive, so sometimes. (If there is a living cost left before February, I will buy all the Big Wave. Living cost will have to remain...) Most of the time, I only drink. Only one can. The snacks are sometimes grilled and eaten, and Burger King sometimes buys Wafer or Chicken, which is a discount this week. If you eat like this and you are hungry, you may eat frozen fried rice or cup noodles. In the evening, Ray offers to play with tremendous energy. It means to play hunting with mom and play wool ball when seeing dad cry. Even if the two of us alternately play until weary, Ray does not get tired. Who the hell said that cats play alone or that they only have to play 15 minutes a day? I want to catch him and show Ray. Ray doesn't get tired of playing for two hours. Today, I went to bed in the morning, then suddenly woke up, writing a blog, and playing next to me again. Who woke him up ㅠㅠㅠㅠ  

I watch TV such as news, read a book, talk, or browse the Internet, and sleep around 11 o'clock. Sometimes, when I lie down, Ray comes to bed first before he comes, and when they are lying down, Ray comes later. Take a seat near your feet or waist between the two. Sometimes, Ray is lying in his seat first and has a seat with him. PS                                                                            ########### My sister says, but I am not yet a retiree. Retirement begins only in March. From March, we plan to make daily rules. For example, when you wake up (of course, you can decide to wake up when you open your eyes ^^), time to wash, exercise time, and number of times (when they are at home, they really hardly move all day), and a few products like ramen per week. Things like eating once. ​PS 2  I uploaded a lot of photos today, as it seems like I have only posted a single article without a photo in this era of visual stimulation. ^^  

​  

