---
title: Happiness,everyday,cherry blossoms
subtitle : Story#202009181031
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Happiness
 - everyday
 - cherry blossoms
date : 2020-09-18T01:31:19+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1569218483465-1402d1ded646?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

As the time to move approached, my body got busy. I walk in and out of the bank and see the neighborhood.  

Today, I went to see a house in a town far away across the river. It hasn't been long since I moved in, so the apartment is very clean and quiet.  

As my heart is busy, my steps become busy. While walking around the apartment complex, I assessed the appropriate location, conducted market research, and rated what it would be like after moving. After turning around, I headed to the real estate.  

"Hello~ I'm here to find out a house."  

When a guest enters a quiet real estate, the eyes gather. Hand movements are busy and the phone rings loudly. While eagerly researching from place to place, I look at the map and glance at the neighborhood.  

“Oh, it’s all out there. I don’t have any items these days.” I lost a little energy and left a message asking for a call and headed for the neighborhood again. I really liked the bright and clean neighborhood in the spring sun, but it's a pity to just turn around. Let's take a closer look at what came here, and walk in all directions.  

Among so many houses, the reality that it is difficult to find one of my own is a little sad. The more I look around, the more I am satisfied with the beautifully decorated jar. Just around that corner over there, you'll be looking at it.  

As I walked along the trail between the apartment and the school, I turned right from the corner to the left, and a dazzling scene unfolds.  

"Wow! It's so pretty!"  

At 12 p.m., giving the spring energy down to the skin, a soft breeze still mixed with coolness, and a path of cherry trees in full bloom below it appeared. Ta-da as if I was waiting for me to come.  

There is no one around. It is completely mine. I am dizzy at the peak of spring alone.  

It is a pity to enjoy this beautiful sight alone, but at the same time, I feel ecstatic and move back and forth. I couldn't even dream that I would encounter such a scene just when I left home, but I feel like I received a beautiful gift from spring. The scent of cherry blossoms comes from the heart.  

Yes, every day seems to be the same routine, but such beautiful moments come. How thankful you are for happiness hiding in your hard daily life, as if meeting a rest for a while. No one is envious of anyone now, with sturdy legs and time to walk the beautiful cherry blossom path on a warm spring day.  

Is there anything special in life? This is happiness.  

So step by step, I walk into my daily happiness.  

