---
title: Working from home, everyday, social distancing
subtitle : Story#202009181130
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Working from home
 - everyday
 - social distancing
date : 2020-09-18T02:30:59+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1593642634627-6fdaf35209f4?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I've been really busy this week. As the COVID19 situation gradually worsened and expanded worldwide, there were many requests for this and that from the COVID19 task force team at the headquarters. I have been nominated as the leader of the Business Continuity Plan Task Force team in the countries I am in charge of. In addition to the overall status report, we are in a hurry to create guidance in the region. It's like having the whole family stay at home and work from home... I feel busy doing something without taking a break all day. When I work in the morning and at night, or when there is no meeting for a while, I have to come out of the room and play with my child, clean up the scattered house, prepare meals, and move constantly... . Although I have been working from home for more than a few years, it seems that I am now able to experience it properly. Just taking care of the children's meals is a burden, and in the end, there are a lot of things that are roughly solved or skipped by our couple.  

During the lockdown period... the daily routine of the mother who works from home  

The meeting starts from 8-9 in the morning, and we are trying to check the e-mails that have been pushed back in the middle, resolve the action items.... If you don't set up some rules, you might end up only doing it all day long. When there is a late afternoon meeting, it may be later, but we are conscious of the rules and try to schedule a meeting and plan work.  

After the first work, I returned to work at around 8-9 pm (the 2nd commute) to participate in the teleconference meeting with the US/Europe/Middle East teams, and only at about 10-11 am, I had a pattern of going home. . During the time between the first work and the second work, the mother and mother will never be able to leisurely read a book, smack, drink a cup of coffee, and rest... It doesn't seem like a break, but I'm still grateful that I may be able to leave the office for the first time. Sometimes it is fun to take a break without having to go to work in the evening meetings or on days when there is no backlog of work.  

Thanks to my daughter, who only waits for her mother's work to be finished, I try to play hard as she wishes while working from home. The only way I could rest was to reduce sleep and play whatever I wanted to do while my child was sleeping, but lack of sleep is a major factor that degrades immunity, so now I decided to give up that time as well.  

During the lockdown period... the daily routine of a freelancer who works from home  

On behalf of the mother who enters the early meeting, she takes care of her daughter's breakfast, and plays with her child until the mother comes out. Before the city is locked down, let's think about a sense of play (?) that can consume as much energy as possible while preparing a zipcock, which you don't know how many months it will be. , Basketball hoops, etc., which can be used indoors or in the balcony or in a complex, are equipped with infant sports equipment. While the mother is working, the father and the child create a swimming pool in the balcony, assemble a bicycle, and teach them how to drive by stepping on the pedals. We can only eat a simple lunch together after the mother's first work, while the mother spends a short time before going to work for the second time, and the father does his own work. Sometimes, I go to the market to purchase fresh fish and meat on behalf of my family. Only after 8-9 o'clock when the child falls asleep, the dad enters his studio and starts working.  

Thank you for having a flexible job..  

In this way, the daily routine of the family flows. Nevertheless, our couple both have jobs with some degree of flexibility, so they are enduring without much stress. Sit in the yard... to see the greenery, the high and clear sky, and the twinkling waves... I still don't understand the reality that the virus threatens our normal everyday life. Beyond the fence... there are patients who suffer from lying in bed, medical staff who are unable to take a break for a moment in tension, and related industry workers... . Except for supermarkets and restaurants, all self-employed people have cut their means of living… . Even in the risk of a virus, there are still many people in situations where it is not necessary to work with people for a living… . In countries where the national medical system is not properly established, there are too many people dying without even receiving treatment properly... . It seems obvious that this is not the time for us to complain that it is frustrating at home and that it is difficult to work from home with child care.  

Noisy.  

https://brunch.co.kr/@workmusicfamily/80​  

https://brunch.co.kr/@workmusicfamily/77​  

