---
title: Mom, everyday, international marriage
subtitle : Story#202009181013
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Mom
 - everyday
 - international marriage
date : 2020-09-18T01:13:39+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1508204841652-6c134d77ce0c?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Even today, while Kakao talk with my mother, my heart became bright. The reason my heart feels so refreshing is that the days are always good, but suddenly thunder and lightning strikes from last night, is it because of the cloudy and rainy weather all day today, or is it because of pregnancy hormones, or is it just my heart. .  

It seems that I tried to understand my mother's heart a little more after a star appeared in her stomach. I haven't done parenting yet, so I don't know exactly what my mother's heart is, but I guess it's a feeling that I can't waste even if I do as much as I can.  

At the end of May, Buryaburya's mother bought all the baby supplies and Korean foods they needed in Korea, put them in boxes, packaged them well, and sent a courier to me in France in early June.  

Of course, I did the receptionist directly on the post office site, but I guess my mother's heart filling the box was'probably' and sent her heart for me, the star, and my husband together with the couriers to France .  

In fact, I bought a lot of masks because I wanted to send them, but I already sent 2 boxes of courier only, but when I sent an additional box of masks alone, it was a problem, so I told him that I would bring it later when I went to Korea.  

I wonder if it would be a mother's heart who wants to take care of all of this heart.. I can feel that mother's heart little by little.  

In fact, the biggest reason I'm writing this article today was because of KakaoTalk with my mother, as I mentioned earlier. Today, as usual, I was talking about daily life, and my mom asked me. "When will the star go to see the ultrasound?"  

And I immediately replied.  

"Next Friday, time doesn't seem to be going, but it seems like it's going fast again! I want to see my face! In the last mid-term ultrasound, I couldn't see it because I was covering my face with the wind turning back.. I hope to show it this time~"  

Then the mother said, "Yes, always be careful when you go to the hospital" and asked, "A star must have grown so much, right?"  

I answered. "Yeah, I'm also 30 weeks old, so I got a lot of boats, but wasn't it as big as the boat?  

Then, the reply that came right away was cut off for a while, and the reply from my mother who came back hurt my heart a little.  

"Look, you're a child in your child's belly, but I want to see you, but raise it up."  

After receiving this katok, in fact, I didn't know what to say more, so I changed the subject to another word..  

That way, the daily conversation with my mom was over, and my mom went to work.  

Probably... what my mom wanted to say to me is that she wanted to say, "I want to see the children in my stomach, but how much more do I want to see the children I raised? My mom also wants to see you so much."  

I can't count my mother's heart, but lately, I seem to have more days to understand and sympathize with my mother's heart a little. Is it due to aging and getting older, or is it because I am pregnant and walking on my mother's path, or if not, is it just because I live far away and do not see it often.  

And expressing that I want to see and love is just thinking that my mom will know everything even if I don't express it, but now I'm not in the same Korea, but in France, where I don't see it often, so I should try to express it more often.  

My heart that I couldn't convey today will sooner or later say the day to speak out of my mouth :)  

I love my mom and dad. And I want to see you a lot..  

