---
title: travel, daily life, thoughts
subtitle : Story#202009081326
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - travel
 - daily life
 - thoughts
date : 2020-09-08T04:26:34+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1473163928189-364b2c4e1135?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I have used the term "daily art" as an introduction to blogs. I don't know where I picked up the words or came up with them, but it was clear that it was my attitude toward Korea after I returned from Sydney. After a year of foreign life, which had always been a trip to Korea after leaving the house and returning from the neighborhood, the motto of my life was to enjoy myself in this country with lots of things to play and eat. You can call it the heartbreaking struggle of a 30-year-old single woman who wants to make her daily life a little special.  

Thanks to you, when I make an appointment with my friends, I always search for good restaurants and pretty cafes near there. Then, I happened to go into a shabby-looking LP bar, get drunk on Old Pop with middle-aged people, and accidentally stop by a cute and cute cafe to take pictures with a rabbit in the background. Stores that come up to promote themselves on Instagram have generally been successful except for very few, so it feels like they're hanging out as if they're breaking a seal. If I buy a car, I can enjoy it in my neighborhood even if I don't have to go to Seoul. Even though I don't even have a license and I'm in a situation where I have to pay for my tuition suddenly because I'm going to graduate school. Dreaming doesn't cost you money.  

