---
title: Gyeongju International Marathon, Exercise, Daily Life
subtitle : Story#202009081346
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Gyeongju International Marathon
 - Exercise
 - Daily Life
date : 2020-09-08T04:46:09+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1518235087758-c0c71f7798ef?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Exercise is the only thing that keeps the mind alive and the mind alive.  

In 2013, 27 young people gathered to run the Gyeongju International Marathon again.  

On the eve of the competition, he climbed the mountain behind St. Benedict's convent in Sassu-dong. I had a garden party with the care of my daughter. Not only the living but also the sponsors were together, and when they put a mobile table on the hill behind the convent and covered it with white beams, it was like a wedding reception. They greeted each other by drinking my own handmade beer LP9 (Living Person 9, Living Person 9). This is because they gathered for the first time while preparing for a marathon in their respective positions. And we heard each other's stories about why they ran as living people and what their goals were.  

The dedication and thank-you Mass were dedicated at the convent's precinct. Memory makes a living person. Sarah's memory of meeting in Madagascar, the memory of running away for fear that the memory would fade and disappear, and the memory of being clear with breath and sweat, confessed that it made me who I am now.  

"Remember Jesus Christ" (2 Timo 2,8). As the second reading said that day, Jesus himself told us, "Remember me and do this."As you did, we became believers and living people through our memories. He made a video clip in advance and told Sarah's story, offering a sponsorship of "10,000 won per kilometer" to raise 3.25 million won.  

There were only 42.195 kilometers left. When I trained for the past year and stood at the starting line due to the good weather, my mind was already crossing the finish line. However, whether because of his age or because the course was difficult, the one-year training was meaninglessly completed at 3:27:40. It was a shame that they had only reduced the race by three minutes compared to last year, but all 27 were happy to finish the race safely.  

To be more precise, one of the young men who challenged the full course had to give up, one for an emergency and the other for a walk and run the last two kilometers together. And as a group, we went to a cheap sauna operated by Gyeongju City. Together, we stripped off our clothes and soaked our tired bodies in hot water and pushed each other's backs. It couldn't have been better than that since I came back to Daegu and ended my day with a pork belly party.  

Running marathons with young people has created a need to teach them systematic training methods. 'I need to run the marathon.'I had to teach the difference between making up my mind and achieving it in reality and prepare my body for running a marathon.  

First of all, I taught them about the landing position and breathing method that I learned. I had back pain in the first few years when I overdoed running. Then, by chance, he discovered an opportunity for a breakthrough. It's a change of the destination from the heel to the heel when running.  

When landing with the heel of the foot, the impact is transmitted to the knees and spine when you hit the ground, but if you land with the heel of the foot, the entire foot absorbs the shock, so you can run lightly. In a marathon that repeats tens of thousands of moves, if you can reduce the impact and run lightly, you can run longer and faster. Renowned Kenyan marathoner Eliud Kipchoke also set a new world record for the marathon in 2018 with a different heel race than the previous marathoners.  

And breathing is another fundamental and important thing. When I run, I breathe in through my nose twice and out long once through my mouth. They jump two steps when they breathe in and two steps when they breathe out long. Thus, two intermits and one long intermovement have rhythm according to the four beats. Adding to this the landing of the heel of the foot, running is done quietly and smoothly, light and rhythmic as a butterfly moves forward. In this condition, running a long distance makes your body less tired.  

In fact, when you run with a marathon runner, you realize that you run very quietly because your breathing and your destination are smooth and rhythmic. Once, I taught a nun in her late 60s how to get to and from her, and within a few months she could easily finish 10 kilometers. If you have a breathing and posture, let's look at training programs to challenge the half-course and full-course marathon next time.  

