---
title: corona, daily life, home-cooked meals
subtitle : Story#202009081448
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - corona
 - daily life
 - home-cooked meals
date : 2020-09-08T05:48:18+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1586214165518-50f84b909f1c?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

With Corona 19, masks and hand washing became routine. The postponement of school starts continues, and online school starts are full of question marks. These days, there is no place to go even if there is time, no food at home and no appointment.  

At 6 a.m., start the day by boiling four eggs. Wait for the 9 minutes and 30 seconds alarm. Cut the fruit into bite-size pieces, and pack a lunch box for the groom on his way to work. Children's red ginseng, lactobacillus, and multivitamin are put on a tray and ready for breakfast.  

Until the children wake up, they do yoga while watching Yoga Boy YouTube. The 25-minute sequence to relieve neck and shoulder pain seems to fit me well. I repeated it for a few days, and my stiff shoulders became a little loose.  

At 7 a.m., the husband and children wake up one by one. Take nutritional supplements and drink a cup of coffee down. Warm coffee and boiled eggs are my favorite combination for breakfast. Turn the laundry around, checking whether the children are eating well.  

At 8:30 a.m., it is time to go to the second daycare center for emergency childcare. Second, I go to a daycare center and play with the forest experience and top- For the second child, it's an exciting day! I am the second child who tells me that he wants to go to the daycare center every day.  

At 9 a.m., I wash the breakfast with the groom's table the night before, and arrange the mess in a chaotic manner. Turn the robot vacuum cleaner. Sprinkle water in the bathroom, clean it up, and sprinkle disinfectants all over the house. Water the vase and water the pot. Transfer the washed laundry to the dryer.  

10:00 a.m., it's time for full-fledged work. The first, who has been on winter vacation for three months due to the postponement of school opening, also does what he has to do every day. Solve math problems, do English homework, and practice violin. When the first child asks something he doesn't know from time to time, he answers and finishes it one by one.  

You have to prepare for lunch in advance in the middle of your work to reduce the mess. Today's menu is boiled chicken. I boiled water from the morning, and soaked the rice. Should I work, take care of children's snacks, do housework... The mind is slowly beginning to go to Andromeda.  

At 1 p.m., 'Mom! I'm hungry.' It's already time for lunch. Quickly set the table before the child. hasten one's hunger away I wonder when I can call my child after gracefully preparing my meal. I conclude that it will be difficult to do so even if there is too much time. Corona19 is a war against eating and washing dishes. When I turn around, the meal comes back regularly. After washing dishes, I think about what to cook for dinner.  

At 3 p.m., the day's work is roughly closed. When I feel energized, I wash windows and fold laundry. They also make one or two side dishes for dinner in advance. Sometimes I go out to buy snacks and sometimes I go to Alpha Gate with my first child. First, the time to make something at home has increased these days. Last time, he made a mini refrigerator and filled it with snacks.  

It's 4 p.m. and second House of Representatives time. Second, after the House of Representatives, I go to water the strawberry field. The biggest daily routine is to plant strawberry and lettuce seedlings in the neighborhood's paddy land to water them. One more strawberry flower bloomed today. Will the day come soon when we pick strawberries from our seedlings? I'm excited every day.  

And have fun at the local playground. The items that play every day change. Yesterday we collected iron powder from the soil, the day before yesterday we built a bridge, and last week we built a house with sidewalk blocks. These days, I have no place to go and take a rest at the academy. Because of this space, both the child and the mother breathe.  

At 8 p.m., my husband left work. The biggest change from Corona is her husband's time to go home. My husband, who was always busy and full of promises, comes home as soon as he gets off work. Then I started to eat dinner at home. This is the first time I've been married for 12 years. I'm busy setting up different menus every day, but fortunately, I'm proud that my husband eats well regardless. While drinking a glass of wine with my husband, I end my day by watching my acquaintance, radio star, city fisherman, and wise doctor. Friday, when the Handsome Tigers disappeared, was very depressing, and "The Paper House" began on April 3 at Netflix. (Excited)  

A new routine began with Corona 19. Now that corona treatments are unlikely to be developed until this year, the changed routine is likely to continue until the end of this year. Since I don't send my children to academies, I wonder if I need to send them from now on. Would it be a problem if I'm a little slow in math or if I can' read English? I think it's enough to play at home slowly and freely while doing what you have to do. Instead of expensive private education, I think it is more important to develop good habits and communicate with my mom. In times of crisis, you become faithful to the basics.  

The number of home-cooked meals is gradually increasing. As I cooked rice every day, I ended up eating the refrigerator unintentionally. I wonder if the rice has ever disappeared so quickly in my house. When cooking, you sometimes get items that fail, and sometimes you succeed. The chicken and butter-roasted squid made with air fryer were really delicious. I will never cook steamed clams again.  

I want to go to the library. I want to go to art museum and palace. I want to enjoy a spring outing, go to a swimming pool, watch a movie, and get a foot massage. I want to meet my manager who I haven't met for a long time, and I want to continue my hobby that I used to do alone. These days, I write down the places I want to go after Corona. Oh, it's all done and I think it would be a happy world if I just take off my mask.  

Sometimes my temper rises like fire after spending 24 hours with my children, but I think it's an opportunity to strengthen my inner self these days. She tries to do housework by herself, which she has been busy with, and thinks about how to have more fun with her children. I try to write more carefully, too. I took 8,000 steps a day and started walking. If you listen to audiobooks and go around the children's playground, you will quickly fill them up.  

Little by little, we are moving towards a life. Body and mind. Most of all, I realize the importance of family.  

