---
title: Vienna, Bangladesh, Daily Life
subtitle : Story#202009081558
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Vienna
 - Bangladesh
 - Daily Life
date : 2020-09-08T06:58:38+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1529144415895-6aaf8be872fb?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

If you have nothing to do, come out!  

1.Tony  

When there were still restrictions on moving to Vienna, Taesung was confined to Poland, and without friends, I repeated my work-home life like a zombie every day.  

On a day off, I fell down on the couch in the living room because of the bother of coming by while cleaning up the cans of beer I had finished waking up. When Samucci filmed a video of him playing the guitar in loneliness and fatigue and posted it on Instagram, Tony calls.  

Hey, I'm going to have grilled pork belly at Melly's. Do you want to come with me? You looked bored.  

I'm just going to clean up the living room and buy lunch at the nearby supermarket, BILLA, so go! I stopped by the store because I had documents to pack, and borrowed a fireboard for both at the same time.(Still at home) I loaded a box of Vienna's best beer "Otttakringer" I bought the day before into Melissa's car and ran home.  

In Korea, thick raw pork belly is more expensive, but strangely, thin frozen pork belly is more expensive here. Of course, it's because it's 'import pork belly' from Korea. I'm Korean, so I'm Korean? Anyway, it felt like a Korean barbecue and opened a white plastic bag on the table and put up some soju glasses without knowing the source. Originally, they were supposed to start when the sun set, but they hurriedly opened their seats to see each other checking if the meat was thawed from time to time.  

This is a gift from a friend whom she met when she was an exchange student in Korea. Yoshie, a Japanese who went to Korea to study like Melly, ordered it for Melly's birthday. It reminds me of "Like Young-chul" I saw the last time I visited my father's house. It must have been very popular.  

Tony is a second-generation Korean born in Sydney, Australia, who came to Austria to study music and has been living alone for seven years. He was born in 1998 and is 23 years old. He is majoring in clarinet at Vienna University and has a cool personality, so he has many friends around him. Next to it is Meli, Melissa is born in Vienna and is a very smart sister who draws pictures. I don't call her sister, but that's her age.  

When I was in Hong Kong, I met several Hong Kong people who speak Korean well. Thanks to this, foreigners who are good at Korean are not very surprised, but few people know so well about culture. Considering that I was an exchange student in Korea for a year, I guess I liked Korea since I was young. The three people related to Korea started to spread their cards.  

/You're the first one to get a dog. Be careful.  

- You watch out for the blood. I think he's gonna fly.  

I've never heard of the word, "the first claws of a dog" in my life. I've heard something from an Australian as young as four years old that I've never even heard from my grandmother. Not long ago, four of us played go-stop again, and Melly kindly explained it to me who didn't know "Gwang-pal." Foot  

In Hong Kong, he only met Koreans and hung out with them, so he used to find the fun of his foreign life only in "Exploring a Good Restaurant" or "Village Tour." For the same reason, Australia tried to avoid Koreans on purpose and avoided them. Eventually, after a few months, the plan failed and he was ashamed to spend time related to Korea. I went on a short trip back to Korea. At the end of Australia's working holiday, interest in Korea has just grown and it was vaguely planned. I also got a new perspective from people I met on the trip, people I happened to spend time with at a local beer house, and my family and friends watching the small fun that I had never seen before. Korea is now soft enough for me to live. Or maybe I'm the only one who's been crooked... "When I finish my trip, I'll come back to Korea and live."  

So now I work at a Korean restaurant in Vienna. People are all so nice and like family. I think it'll be a little disappointing when I leave. Now, he speaks well soon, so it is fun to meet non-Korean people without fearless fear. Now I don't care as much about anything as I used to. I'm proud. If I have the self and ability to believe me, I'm not ashamed to be a bum. I haven't forgotten my main job and my dream hasn't changed yet. Drunk, I looked into Melly's face and her eyes looked exactly like my sister. "I sent this messy photo to my family," he said.  

Yabung... The shop hall manager Soyeon's sister's dog, "Oyabung," was brought to work once or twice during the curfew, and she came to work together to spread happiness. Very cute. Uncle Kamal, who works with him, says, "No kuta (puppy) every day." No happy. They want to see the Yabung. The Austrian government has terminated its restrictions on the operation of its stores, making it no longer available to visit.  

The turkey that I baked at the deer park last time! I think it was about six euros.  

2. Kamal  

(Jumma Chumma De De De)  

This is Kamal, who cleans and does the dishes in our kitchen. In the kitchen and me, the second best man after Jordan, hums "jumma-de-de-de-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e." (A song from India, with a curious addictive quality. Hindi, it's a very famous Muslim song.  

I've been nagging my uncle to go home for a long time ago. He said he could come anytime, but he was only looking for a chance to renew his career as Ramadan overlapped with the sudden incident. "I decided not to do Ramadan on my working day," said a man who eats during Ramadan. After the traffic restriction was eased and Taesung returned, the holiday was scheduled for the same day, allowing him to go on a trip. After sunset, he gathered residents of the neighborhood and was treated to dinner at 8:12 p.m., starting with Iftar, which breaks the fast at around 8:12 p.m. (changes every day).  

*Ramadan - Islamic calendar September, when meals, drinking, sexual intercourse and smoking are prohibited. Meals or drinking water before or after sunrise.  

Iftar is a simple refreshment that you eat before dinner after fasting. If you hurry to fill your stomach with hunger all day long, you often get upset, so you eat a little bit of soft food in advance. Palafel (Falafel: Hummus, made of chickpeas or silkworm beans, is a representative dish of Middle East cuisine), rice cookies, and chickpeas salad are eye-catching. The "Favorite Asian Food Top 5" palafel, made by residents, is fantastic. Rice crackers are familiar. The yugwa crumbs, taste, texture, and aroma that I often ate at my grandmother's house are all the same. It is mixed with chick beans, and the grains pop together like crispy fried rice. It's a little spicy, so I can't help it.  

Uncle Kamal, who plays the keyboard as a hobby, asked me to play the guitar someday. They say that we should not even sing during Ramadan, so we should play a little bit and play together later.  

You asked me about my favorite beer a few days ago, but I guess you asked me to buy it. I might like something, so I only bought chocolate and drinks. There is also a kind side... After finishing the meal and watching TV, it was time to go back. People ask when they try to get up.  

/Then what about dinner?  

The above described it as a "simple refreshment," but that's what people say and the Iftar I saw was a generous amount. Of course, I thought, 'I guess I'm going to eat and sleep later.' But before I knew it, another table was set up. It is estimated that Biryani, which can be seen in the curry house, is enough for 30 people to eat. We were speechless by the sheer amount of our share. On the same day, he vowed to distance himself from carbohydrates, but ended up eating three plates. The salad in the middle is filled with carrots and cucumbers mixed with yogurt. If you sprinkle it on Birigyani, you'll get a bowl of it!  

Learn how to make 'Biriyani' from the old man! The view to make something new has been a little wider.  

When I got up to go home, everyone came out to meet me.  

"Oh, no, thank you. Get in there."  

I'll just get out to the front door. Bye.  

He ran down the stairs in a conversation like 's. He returned to Europe with a salad and a birigyani that Uncle Son took care of. Signboards in German are on the streets, and two Koreans are carrying Bangladesh food home. It's very good.  

3. Songul Choi - Yo Bourader!  

Hey, bro. Do you want to chill next week?  

Choi Hyung-kyu, a Korean brother who worked with him, and his wife Songul. Due to visa issues, Hyung-kyu is in the midst of preparing for a job and Song-ul was working alone in Vienna, but has been forced to rest. I haven't seen him for a while, so I contacted him to have a small party.  

He became a brother at the first meeting. I used to go on a few trips with my friends to listen to music sipping wine and cheap whiskey. It's called chilling, this guy. Whenever I contact him, he always tells me to come over to chill. He is very hip and bartender-like. Originally, Taesung was going to come with me, but he came alone thanks to his good arrival in Hungary. I called my friends who I met at karaoke to introduce them to such a loner. I think it'll be a little awkward since I called you after seeing you once before.  

She gives me a brief account of her friends. Some of them are Japanese-Australians and can speak a little Korean. There was a rising person, and soon he arrived. He's a friend I've met at a club several times before, but he's tilting as if he doesn't recognize me for some reason.  'Because my hair is already long, especially because I don't wear a hat,' he said excitedly, hoping that it might be.  

"You've said hello to me a few times in our club, you recognized me and I recognized you. Is it because of your hat?"  

I don't know.  

I wore a hat.  

"Well, how's it going now? Do you remember me?"  

Aah! Lara's friend!  

His personality, which was usually introverted, turns outgoing when he is drunk, so he can't remember well when he wakes up. Well, anyway, she started the game with a lucky poker that Manami brought. I guess this friend doesn't usually like drinking. I've never seen five drinking games in my life.  

Actually, I was looking for a poker card hidden at home with Songul before Manami arrived. "I had a lot at home, and I could have brought it." She arrived and the golden card deck, which she sneaked out of her bag, was brilliant. But a friend I've met before... What a small world.  

Another friend of mine, who was allergic to cats, returned home and entered the two cats that had been locked up in the room for a while. We all started our quests here and there, and we were all caught in the eye. I went to the bathroom with my head on. Songul visits one after another and points fingers at me.  

/ I'm sure some boy stopped by the bathroom!  

Ignored. I ran into him on the way to the bathroom again and spoke to him.  

"Do you mind if some boy go to the bathroom, sir?"  

  

Marriage is a very complicated thing...  

The white friend's name is 'Tranks' by Dragon Ball. She's a friend I already had before I got married. Unlike her appearance, she has a slight Ottaku temperament, and she has shown a few pictures to spend her time these days. I promised to show you this drinking party if I write it down. Ha ha.  

After a year and a half of being married, I got far away. They should spend as much time away as they took up most of the marriage period. Each other is having a tiring and lonely time due to changes in their own psychology and circumstances. There was also a small argument at this party, but somehow I ask for advice and value judgment on this matter. Most of the reasons for fighting for anything were their expressions of interest and differences in positions, and they cheered and sought them as a result of pure value judgments that they would eventually be resolved. The next day, I received a small thank-you message from Hyung-kyu, along with a story of reconciliation. I told this story to my recently married best friends. Since I met these people on a trip, you said you wanted to introduce them to me in Korea.  

Every day when two people work in the kitchen, all kinds of gossip are rampant. Hyung-kyu, a liberal arts major, is an intellectual enough to graduate from a prestigious university, and I graduated from a local university and studied only as a hobby. Fortunately, we were able to talk about various things because of our different interests, and this led to a little interest in humanities. His open thinking, honest attitude, and effort are a wonderful attitude to follow. His 'Hongdae rustic hat' hangs in the house.  

