---
title: I am also a writer, failed, daily life, essay.
subtitle : Story#202009081407
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - I am also a writer
 - failed
 - daily life
 - essay
date : 2020-09-08T05:07:29+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1595081221331-fbb85e9f3622?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

There is no business in front of experience. The power that supports us when we get an unexpected uppercut in life comes from the "failure experience." Just as comedian Song Eun-yi, who had been on the road to success for 20 years as soon as she made her debut at a young age, experienced frustration belatedly due to the sudden disappearance of work, and seriously agonized over her career path, said, as she had experienced a second heyday through her experience of crisis. In addition, she recalled the days when she had no experience of failure as a misfortune.  

Except for the few, most of us face adversity and suffer hardships in our lives. From food, clothing, clothing, marriage, dieting, smoking cessation, business, investment, employment, interviews, health, and relationships, people spend their daily lives with countless failure stories in failure rather than success that everyone envies. Moreover, I, who has a tendency to "slow starter," still accept myself, who will flutter until the wind stops, by building up failure stories like specs. It's a product of a lot of failure experiences of failure? That's why my spectacular failure story is called 'romantic failure.' It is for two main reasons.  

First of all, this is also the belief that it will pass. Since I started my social life as an adult, I had no luck. There are well over twenty jobs, jobs, and titles. Whenever that happened, it was always in front of the wind. A country like hair with weak wick, it fluttered about without rest. But the wind was only blowing me. And eventually it stops. Even if I got the price of failure, the crisis was just an event and I couldn't pick myself out. Of course, I was trying to avoid crises and hardships, so I was denying it and shrugging off, but nothing miracle happened that would save me. "Yes, let's wait and see!" This struggle allowed me to end the endless darkness and a terrible love affair, even if I was in a deep nail. The crisis was bound to pass. Only, it didn't lead to success.  

Next, it's ten thousand year's yearning. What you can't have now leaves your attention behind. We live in a frame of happiness or unhappiness. Life is inherently unstable and incomplete. They say they are unhappy because they cannot accept it. Don't be unhappy if you don't get what you want. What you want is actually hard to get. I must ask myself whether there was a big problem with the moment, which I longed for but could not have right now, but I cannot afford to give up on what I long for. If you give up, there will be no improvement. There is no progress, so there is regret. I have a lingering feeling, and I have an indigestion. I enjoy drinking because I have an indigestion. He despises himself for enjoying drinking. My self-esteem is bottoming out because you despise me. When you lose self-esteem, you lose your goal. Time flies. Where does it go wrong? It's a very pathetic story of my failure. Churchill's short and thick five words, "Never, Never, Never, Never Give-up!" at Oxford University's graduation ceremony is a "cowel" that I shout whenever I fail.  

The experience of failure knew that it was never meant to be short on just one or two occasions. We hope to pay more attention to "collecting" the failure experience because we are still destined to "experience" the failure experience. With such a learned experience of failure, one can get out of a long tunnel called "fear" a little faster, no matter how unexpected adversity one encounters in life. Only then will "frustration" become an asset. Frustration becomes an asset? Yes, as soon as I recognized my failure experience as my qualification, I found out about my daily life and the shortcut to flirting. Short and deep in thought, firm in decision, quick in action. So even if it's very small, success follows many times. This is the romantic failure and my life after that.  

I just got a call from my wife. The news is that her daughter lost the election for vice-president. He pretends he's okay, but he seems upset. I've been running for the anti-election for several years, and this time it's the "party." I got a call from Kakaotalk's daughter.  

Dad! It's raining cats and dogs. But it's very romantic. Right?  

You're all grown up. I'll give you a lot of comfort today.  

No business before experience!  

Especially in the face of failure experience!  

