---
title: I am also a writer, Corona, Daily Life, Essay
subtitle : Story#202009081513
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - I am also a writer
 - Corona
 - Daily Life
 - Essay
date : 2020-09-08T06:13:39+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1591902076108-c2a1ea2da89c?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Became empty.  

In a spacious hospital room, a sound compressor that makes endless noise, and the sound of a refrigerator compressor spinning.  

And there was only me.  

My daily life, which has changed nearly 180 degrees, or 720 degrees, since I was hospitalized after being tested positive for corona, would be better described as "disappeared." The only people I face in a single room are a nurse who I encounter three times a day and a doctor I see at the test.  

For me, who likes to hang out with people and receives energy from people, it was not easy for me to adjust to being left alone in the hospital room. Moreover, the fact that I had to be without a promise made me feel more drained.  

I couldn't just rest.  

I couldn't just rest because there were things that I was doing until last week and things that were going on. But if I sat down a little bit and looked into the computer, I couldn't see the computer because my eyes were burning. When that happened, I covered my laptop and lay back on my bed. If I looked at the computer for about 20 minutes, I had to lie down for 40 minutes.  

On the phone with the director, "I think I can work. I'll do as much as I can.' But it wasn't easy.  

When I look at the test that I'm hooked on the collaboration tools that my team uses, I felt I had to do it, but when I look at the computer, I can't lower the heat of rising.  

Then one day, I woke up in the morning and looked at the ceiling blankly. And then suddenly,  

You haven't let go of your work in over five years. You can take a rest. It hurts, what can I do?  

Something seemed to happen in my mind. I felt something uncomfortable but I couldn't explain it.  

'Let's put it down. Let's put it down.'  

It took quite a while to put down the unknown pressure and burden of work.  

My day has become so plain, but more intense than ever.  

One day of patients in isolation ward who have been tested positive for corona is too light.  

5:30. AM: Blood pressure, blood oxygen levels, body temperature measurements.  

It's morning when I hear the voices of nurses who say, "I'll measure blood pressure."  

Starting with asking if you slept well or why you couldn't sleep if you stayed up all night, measure your blood pressure, oxygen saturation, and even body temperature.  

7:30 A.M.: Breakfast  

In the early days of hospitalization, he took his blood pressure in the morning and fell asleep again.  

The nurses, if I seemed to be sleeping, would put the table on the bed and leave the meal quietly.  

Then I would wake up around 9 to 10 and have a late breakfast.  

12:00 a.m.: Lunch and blood pressure, blood oxygen saturation, body temperature measurement  

At 5:30 a.m., there were days when blood pressure was measured, then went back to sleep and often slept until the second blood pressure was measured.  

Sometimes the nurse is surprised and so am I.  

The reason is that the breakfast on the bed and the lunch box in the teacher's hand meet shyly. At times like this, you open it and eat it at the same time. Then the meal changes from four to eight. There is no separate buffet.  

(Laughs)  

5 p.m.: Blood pressure, blood oxygenation, body temperature measurements.  

I'm taking it again. You shouldn't talk when you're taking your blood pressure. This is because blood pressure is high. On one occasion, his maximum blood pressure was 154, so the nurse said, 'You can't talk when you're taking blood pressure.'  

When I started taking blood pressure readings, I answered the question from the nurse, "Was your bowel movement normal in the evening or in the morning?" I felt it was unfairness.  

5:30 p.m.: Dinner  

When the meal comes in, I'm in trouble. Shall we eat now or later? I've never had dinner so early in my life, and when I wake up from sleep, I've never had a meal in front of my eyes when I'm still, so I think about it all sorts of things.  

7:30 p.m.: Cleaning the room  

After dinner, nurses come in and clean the corner of the room every day. He told me to be comfortable, but I feel uncomfortable and awkward, so I help the nurse who cleans.  

It is because I think that this kind of help can reduce the work of teachers who work in protective clothing. How hot would it be? That protective suit would be more boring.  

In order to get better, the ice packs are heated to all parts of the body, and after taking the fever reducer, lie down on the bed and rest.  

To recover quickly, even for a day, take a fierce rest.  

Empty daily fill.  

The routine of working, looking forward to a delicious meal, drinking coffee made with freshly dropped espresso, working with company people, chatting with friends, bickering with my family, cleaning my room and taking a shower in the warm water has disappeared.  

Then, it seemed to fill my empty daily life, waiting for me to go out without a promise, eating (but not fried dumplings) in the room like Choi Min-sik, who appears every day in Old Boy.  

After lying in bed for 2-3 days, I thought I couldn't stay like this, so I filled in various actions to fill my empty daily life.  

exercise  

It was not an environment where weight training or aerobic exercise could be performed. And all I could do was exercise in an environment where there was no air conditioner, no fan, and even a shower was impossible.  

He ordered yoga mats (which were wrapped with a mental acid to throw away when he went out), put them in a corner of the hospital room, and has been increasing the number of yoga mats by 10 per 1~2 days, starting with 80 push-ups. I'm doing squats, too. Starting with 80 per day, it gradually increased.  

Sweat flows after more than a hundred push-ups in an air-conditioned room. Taking a shower is impossible, so take a shower by wetting the towel and wiping the body.  

Netflix series, documentaries, YouTube marathons that I wanted to see.  

I watch all the series I wanted to see. It's not a job to end a season in a day. I only watch one series at a time in case the story gets twisted. This is the first time I've been floundering in a flood of video content such as Itaewon Class, Pose, Sabrina's creepy adventure, capitalism, reporters reading comments, and leaving behind.  

What do you see sometimes? It's usual to spend an hour choosing this and that.  

Call your parents often  

My mom and dad, who couldn't come to the hospital to see my son, and couldn't know what was going on, worried me a lot. So, to relieve that mind, I call them often to check out my family members who are in self-isolation.  

I call you harder because I feel like my mom is less worried and my dad is less worried because I am not only twice a day, but also twice a day.  

all over the globe, calling friends  

Late at night, when I'm in a room without an air conditioner or fan, I suddenly get annoyed.  

Or being alone, and the vague wait in situations where the test results may be negative, raises an unknown depression.  

When that happens, I turn on one of the more than seven chat apps on my phone and call one person randomly. Or call a friend who was on fire while he was connecting. Somehow, I have friends everywhere in the world, so if I just call them once a day, I can probably last for a few years. (It's very slightly inflated.)  

I looked back on the areas I called.  

From Seoul to Jeju, as well as Japan, Taiwan, Malaysia, Singapore, Hong Kong, China, Indonesia, Britain, Russia, the United States, Iceland, the Philippines, Laos, Thailand and Myanmar. I've done a lot, too.  

Thanks to my friends, I was able to blow away the gloom.  

I want to take this opportunity to thank my friends.  

at any rate  

My daily life changed completely by the Corona virus.  

No, I miss my daily life taken away by the Corona virus so much.  

But you still have to hold out. Somehow.  

