---
title: Comics, daily life, relics
subtitle : Story#202008230147
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Comics
 - daily life
 - relics
date : 2020-08-22T16:47:43+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1513619015571-356af6ecebb8?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I rarely read comics now, but until my 20s, if I count the number of comic books I read except for ordinary books, I think I'll have enough books of 40,000 to 50,000. I think I fell in love with cartoons because I felt like I was concentrating when I drew cartoons. There were times when it took a month to draw a bigger piece, although there were no remaining pieces. Now that I think about it, I wonder what it would have been like if the painting had remained.  

Although talent can be displayed in many fields now, until not long ago, talent was only limited to studying. A carefully planned exercise begins to accelerate at some point by keenly discovering the talent that can be particularly good at the performance and intensively training that part.  

The note ring pen used in drafting was used a lot when drawing cartoons. I remember that there was also a price for Note Ring pens, but few people use them now, but in the past, Note Ring pens were essential for the system.  

I stopped drawing cartoons at the age of 23. Painting cartoons was fun, but I quit because I thought it was not the way I wanted to go, but it reflects my past self. Looking at the cartoons that remain like relics, I think, "This is what happened in the past."  Careful and planned efforts are quite difficult mentally and not fun, but they are different from others because few implement them.  

