---
title: Jeju, Daily Life, Day
subtitle : Story#202008231233
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Jeju
 - Daily Life
 - Day
date : 2020-08-23T03:33:51+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1595737335975-2160c924caf2?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I got used to the day a little bit. The road where the calm air stays rather than the car. Why do black basalt and red roofs go so well together? Flowers are in full bloom everywhere, and trees and stones are everywhere. Halmang Harbang's dialect is so charming. I often encounter honest, affectionate, untimely people. Indeed, this place is no longer a stranger, but a familiarity or comfort.  

The bus stop is a 20-minute walk from home. The bus will arrive in 30 minutes. I don't have to memorize the only bus number I have to take. 201. I love this bus. I'm driving on Jeju's long coastal road. The long bus hours and the road along the coast are only friendly. It's great to see the wind blowing fast and the natural scenery passing by.  

Sometimes I meet old friends. When I meet people I like here, I wonder if it's a dream or not.  

My older sister is a curator living in Jeju. It was decided when he was over 30. She's always been wandering around looking for her favorite things. Seeing my older sister with her own beliefs made my heart warm, too. My older sister, who always had similar worries, seemed like a best friend who could communicate well with each other by the age of 10 years apart. When I'm with someone who has the same direction of life, I feel full of energy to walk along the road.  

Thanks to my sister, I decided to go to ballet school, which is 40 minutes away by bus from home. He has been working out beautiful sports as he is with art. I fell in love with her elegant gesture and her long neck.  

I tried to keep my body as organized as possible to match the beautiful music in a spacious space. I'm very happy to watch my body move beautifully. I feel joy when exercise becomes art. I believe that ballet that enters my daily life will be a solid foundation for keeping my body and life beautiful and healthy.  

One day, the weather is so nice that I go to the cafe gently walking along the dirt road. There's a white cat that never opens its eyes and sleeps well. It's very grateful to have someone who makes you smile just by looking at it.  

I eat carrot cake every time in Jeju cafe. How well does the cinnamon-flavored cream cheese frost go with a rich blend of carrots and nuts? Just thank you, thank you for enjoying sweet desserts with such healthy ingredients. I usually have tea with me rather than coffee. Drinking warm tea makes your stomach warm, and if you take a bite of the sweet carrot cake, it melts. I read books, listen to music, and write a diary in this small and cozy place.  

I go home again before dark. When I come back, I go grocery shopping with my house mate and cook at home. It's not much, but you always show the best reaction. To make you want to continue. They sit under the yellow light and listen to the stories of people who have lived differently, sometimes seriously share their worries, and sometimes laugh their heads off. We spend the night sharing every aspect of life.  

It's a laundry day when the sun shines, and a glass of green onion pancake and rice wine when it rains. It won't rain tomorrow, so I'll clean and do the laundry. How exciting things will be waiting for us.  

A house where you can laugh loudly. Time passes a little slowly, but every day is a fun day.  

