---
title: hobby life, living, daily life
subtitle : Story#202008230814
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - hobby life
 - living
 - daily life
date : 2020-08-22T23:14:20+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1527697368636-7ae2fce27121?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

After dinner, my husband asked me out of the blue.  

What is your hobby?  

Oh... What is this?We're not seeing each other for the first time, we're not flirting, and I can't believe we're asked this question after 20 years of marriage. I was wondering if I didn't know that until now, but I thought it wasn't really wrong to ask that question because hobbies can change from time to time.Normally, I'd have thought about what to say for a moment, but it just happened  

These days I've been so into working all night that I answered with clarity.  

Housekeeping!  

Hahaha~  

My husband burst into laughter, but he was already expecting it.  

I didn't feel bad. I'm not a fortune teller, but I can guess what my husband will say next.  

I did, so I was preparing words to answer in advance.I'm sure my husband will be like this."Hey, you said it's your hobby. Why can't you do that!"Then I'll answer like this with an arrogant expression."Is there a law that says you have to be good at hobbies? Let's say it's not a hobby, but a specialty!"But my husband's words were completely beside my expectations."What kind of hobby do you have with such annoyance?"Not only did this remark from my husband hit the nail on the head,  

In the meantime, I've been thinking about how wrong I've been thinking about hobbies.  

I realized that I had it at once.I was going to tell my husband, "You don't have to be good at hobbies," but in my heart, I was like, "You don't have to be good at hobbies."  

The idea of 'doing well' has always been in place.So I'm sure he'll tell me I can't afford it.  

It was a foregone conclusion. I don't know if the thief's foot is asleep.But the husband knew the nature of his hobby,  

That's why you asked me that question.What is a hobby? This is what the portal explains.  

To continue to do what one likes for pleasure  

Yes, that's right. No reward for what you like.  

It is a hobby to entertain without expectation of success.But I know the definition of hobby in my head, but in my heart, I'm constantly greedy, disappointed, and given up.  

I lived. I changed my hobby like I was eating, not simply because I lost interest in it, but because I didn't get the result of meeting my expectations, and that's why I don't have a proper hobby to be fifty.Of course, I think the influence of the people around me is great.  

I remember my husband saying that you always blame others.  

Everyone says painting is their hobby, and they open an exhibition and bake bread.  

It's a hobby. It's a professional thing. Calligraphy.  

You show your work as a hobby, and I don't know what hobby is.  

He must have believed in the need for talent.It's not studying, it's not a major, it's not a job  

Even if your hobby is out-of-date with your input, it's just...  

I could have done it with pleasure...Isn't there a saying?There is one more sentence behind it (of course.It's so great that a happy man can't beat a lucky man.  

I think I was just hoping for luck without being born, trying, or enjoying it.So I told you about my new hobby,  

I want to indulge in household pleasures.Being a hard worker, unlike any other hobby, your family,  

I'm going to be a direct beneficiary, so I'm going to be more rewarding.  

I think I can feel it.A full-time job is the right thing to do.  

Is it a hobby?Of course you can! For a naughty housewife like me, even if it's a hobby.  

I'll keep my house normal if I keep it.The same hotel as I always dreamed of!I'll have to make it this year.-- Today's hobby is cleaning up refrigerators  

First of all, we need to find out what's in the fridge and the freezer.  

I arranged them all, arranged the zones, and put them back in place.  

Before that, I bought all the ingredients in a fistfight.  

I used to put it in and find it. with emphasis on cleaning  

I'm alive. I didn't care about the arrangement.  

This not only leads to inventory clearance, but also unexpected harvests.  

I gave it to him, and when he found what the family wanted,  

It means that they don't have to be dispatched. No matter how many men,  

It tends to be hard to find even if you explain it in words. After all, I'm...  

I need you to stand up and go on a business trip and find him yourself.  

Aha, there~~ She's saying things like this.But now she answers her husband looking for a hot dog. "Kimchi refrigerator freezer second shelf  

Right basket!"The same goes for the youngest looking for Hard."The bottom drawer of the kimchi refrigerator freezer!"Unless you close your eyes, no, even if you find it with your eyes closed,  

It's a situation that I can't find.What did you notice here?Because of the structure of the kitchen, the kimchi refrigerator is far away from the kitchen.  

There is. So in the freezer freezer, I often find myself  

I put the ingredients I need in my cooking, and my husband and I...  

The instant freezer that the youngest usually uses,  

I put it in a faraway kimchi refrigerator.I don't know about you who are indifferent and obtuse, but as a housewife,  

It's very convenient. The family asked me to find food.  

You don't have to. You can hog the nearest refrigerator.  

It's much easier and more enjoyable to change your living.  

It's worth having as a hobby!  

