---
title: daily life, corona, cooking
subtitle : Story#202008231442
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life
 - corona
 - cooking
date : 2020-08-23T05:42:42+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1579113813907-73c7856e1dfe?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

As the restaurant closed for a long time due to corona, the number of home-made foods increased, but the variety of foods did not increase.  

The table was becoming more and more monotonous at a time when he had no time and no time to try new food, and he had to take care of his husband's lunch, who had been working from home since February.  

After being invited to a friend's house (the German state of Bayern has authorized a meeting of four or more people), I came across Hello Fresh, a wheat kit delivery.  

Although it would be difficult to compare a company because there are various food delivery services in Korea, I felt that it was really German to cook for the first time.  

They decided to enter an Internet site, sign up, choose a week's worth for two people, and receive it as a trial. For your information, it is a traditional diet in Germany that only one meal a day is cooked and eaten. In the morning, if you eat cereal or bread for lunch, you should eat bread for dinner, and in the house where you eat bread for lunch, you should cook for dinner.  So I ordered three meals for lunch on a trial basis.  

It's Wednesday, so I thought it wouldn't be possible this week because of the German nature, but it's available for delivery in two weeks... Phew... I thought about not just applying, but decided to wait for a look around and decided to make it Tuesday two weeks later (Monday delivery will incur another extra charge). Maybe it's because someone has to work on the weekend.  

As soon as I almost forgot, the food ingredients were delivered and the amount of food ingredients in the package was very Germanic.  

Packages are usually stamped with a delivery box, with numbers carved on each envelope, and on one side you see a strange bundle.  

  

Paper bags have numbers and ingredients according to the recipe.  

Number one is a potato dish with beef steak and bean stems, number two is a hamburger, number three is a traditional German dish.  

It was my first time cooking, but I decided to have a hamburger because I didn't want to show my husband failure.  

One garlic, one tomato, a lemon, a herb, and a potato. On top of that, bread and minced beef have no leftover ingredients after additional cooking.  Paper bags are to be used for recycling to separate collection or to dispose of food waste.  

I feel like I'm saving time because I don't have any reason to think about how much I should use the ingredients as I show the recipe that has been enclosed together. I can't believe you put parsley in a burger that you didn't normally use. I wonder what it tastes like.  

The lunch was completed in about 40 minutes. It's a time when I feel more fulfilling when I take pictures similar to the recipe. "It's lunchtime," said her husband, who comes out to eat lunch at the time when the food is completed, and says, "It's so delicious." Burgers are so delicious whenever I have time all day.They leave a stormy compliment, saying that they like the flavor of lemons so much that they feel like they are eating at a restaurant.  

I felt like I was eating in a restaurant after a long time no see. It is natural that it is less likely to fail to make it into something that contains the exact amount according to the recipe of a chef.  

It's a happier time after finishing cooking. There is no leftover material!!  

And the most admirable thing is that almost all packaging supplies are used as recyclable materials as possible. It was made of recyclable plastic, paper, and fresh pack water, so I liked it very much that it was used for recycling. They deliver and use food ingredients, but they feel less guilty.  

Because of the corona, I tried various dishes in the beginning, but at some point, I ate it with a rotating diet drawing a do-over sign, and now I feel refreshed. I have lived in Germany for more than 10 years and have never tried traditional German food, so I should try making Sp 만들어tzle Spetzle.  

