---
title: travel, daily life, exchange student
subtitle : Story#202008230138
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - travel
 - daily life
 - exchange student
date : 2020-08-22T16:38:48+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1504214208698-ea1916a2195a?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

a full trip where the people I met here had become the whole of time.  

When I think of the five months I spent as an exchange student in the U.S., I always feel warm. It's all thanks to the people I met. To write the article, a big smile was built around my mouth as I read diaries, blog records, and looked at pictures after a long time. I spent time at MSU from January to May, and I made lots of memories with my friends every day. The exchange student was one of the bucket lists that I really wanted to do as a college student, so it was one of the life events that I had been preparing for a long time and expected a lot. I am deeply grateful to be able to wrap up the event happily. Life in America, especially in MSU, is all thanks to the relationships I have met. Thank you for all the time I've received. It was a trip full of time together.  

I stayed at Herbert Hall among the 14 dormitories in the school, taking four courses during the spring semester. I took two major linguistics classes, one communication class, and one American political class related to double major. After thinking about it, I met many good friends in the four subjects I chose. Anna, who turned around and smiled at me awkwardly entering the lecture room on the first day, sat next to me during the next class, and the relationship began. I had a great time at the cafe and school doing all the assignments together, and whenever I participated in school activities, they invited me to one place. Samantha turned out to be a fan of Korean culture and became best friends after talking about her homework after sitting in front and back of class. Her parents and her hometown friend also became very close. Friends such as Sam, who lived next to the class and lived in the same dormitory, Rose, who got close by taking the same class and contacted me whenever he had a part-time job break, and Bailey, who invited me to an interesting event and listened to me with a big smile, always listened to my story and introduced me to my friends. I made small memories with my friends, including Bridget, Tony and Joseph. I became friends with their friends again, and our memories doubled and tripled.  

The five months I spent in the U.S. were my daily life traveling. Every morning when I open my eyes and go outside the dormitory, everything was a continuation of new culture. When I visited my classroom as one among the students who went to class across the lawn where the American flag fluttered in the center, another novelty unfolded there. Professor who filled the board with questions and answers from students at the beginning of each class, professor who asked me to fill in the board, professor who asked me to tell you a case of Korean language during the Tongsaron class, professor who made us all join the class, suddenly made a bird's voice during the class, and asked us to take a picture in the last class, so professor who sent us a text message and gave us a quiz every class. Also, I couldn't forget the active participation of the students in the class. I grew a lot as I became one person and experienced and learned this atmosphere.  

Mississippi Stockville, where I was, was so influential that it was called the 'MSU village'. Local residents as well as students showed a friendly and friendly atmosphere with the school. Every big and small event at school was full of food and people's participation was good. It was fun for me who liked this kind of atmosphere. The fun of watching basketball games and baseball games, the fun of going out to Wal-Mart on a school bus to the city, and the fun of riding out with friends and finding hidden restaurants and pretty cafes in the city were all trips. It was all a trip outside the dormitory. No, it was all a trip outside the dormitory bed. Why are there so many new, fun, interesting, and curious things! As for me who planned to spend this time doing something else every day, the curious time was like a treasure. It was a time of youth that fit this saying, everyday life as a journey, traveling as a daily life. I can't do the same thing again, but I'd like to visit the place again, which was like a portrait of a young day, before it's too late.  

