---
title: art, subway, daily life
subtitle : Story#202008230019
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - art
 - subway
 - daily life
date : 2020-08-22T15:19:39+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1564956865626-35e4fcdeda41?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Art fills the gap in daily life, which has increased to Corona 19. Famous masters such as Koo Bon-chang, Chae Byung-rok, Michele De Andreis, and Kristjana S. Williams walked the works throughout the subway stations in Seoul. There are many reasons to visit each station of Wu Yi New Line, a special art museum that conveys comfort and hope to citizens traveling to and from the city by subway.  

The exhibition "Man-Gae: UI Blossom," which comforts the tired hearts of citizens and delivers messages of hope, will be held in 13 history of Uisin Seolseon, Seoul. This is part of the Seoul Metropolitan Government's planned project to publish cultural and artistic contents instead of commercial advertisements for each history of the Ui New Line, which connects the northeastern part of Seoul, since 2017.  

The exhibition, which runs through Aug. 31, 2020, will combine 11 history and the inside of the train, and will feature a total of 289 works, with artists from various spectra, art institutions and startup companies from new artists to modern photography masters.  

in art  

Travel  

The theme exhibition "Full: UI Blossom" and "Artist Station" are being held at Sinseol-dong Station, Bomun Station, Sungshin Women's University Station and Solbat Park Station.  

The Sinseol-dong Station displays works by two artists wishing for the well-being and hope of citizens who use the light rail system on a daily basis. The world-famous contemporary photography master, Koo Bon-chang, has unveiled six previously unreleased flower photographs this time. It contains personal history between 1998 and 2012, including amaryllis, cymbidium, and lotus flowers held by the monk against the backdrop of white sand, which the author planted and cultivated at home.  

The five flower garden illustrations, which run from the exit of Sinseol-dong Station to the platform, are works by designer Chae Byung-rok, who has been presenting original graphic designs combining pictorial elements and characters. The author put the buds on a circularly reconstructed picnic mat to console citizens who have shrunk due to social distance, and projected the cry of Be in Full Bloom! on the image of the flower garden. This space is filled with hope that everyone's daily lives will be filled with expectations and laughter.  

At Bomun Station, a photo of a modern plant created by Italian fashion photographer Michel de Andrace with a passion for art and humanism during the Corona 19 quarantine period was hung. Inspired by Georgia O'Keefe, an artist who painted flowers in the desert, he expressed the artist's passion for not stopping even in poor conditions. In addition, the escalators and stairwells offer a view of 24 17-19th century botanical paintings owned by the Rijks Museum in the Netherlands. Beauty transcending the time and space of modern and contemporary times can be encountered through flower and plant works.  

The Sungshin Women's University Station, which has a large floating population of young people, including college students, has installed works by Christina and Williams to bless the future of the users. A native of Iceland and active in Britain, the artist has expressed a new world full of wonders by combining images of animals and plants symbolizing nature, maps symbolizing adventure and travel, and hot air balloons. For the first exhibition on the Korean subway, the artist will showcase special works ("Miss Kim in the East" and "Miss Kim in the West") modeled after Kim Soo-hyung, a Korean young designer who works as a step in the writer's studio. While symbolizing the two subway lines passing through the station, it contains the writer's desire for the dreams of young people passing through the station to unfold beyond the East and the West.  

At Solbat Park Station, you can see paintings and holograms with poetic sensibility of two artists, Park Hyo-bin and Oh Taek-kwan. Park Hyo-bin will take a break from discovering trivial beauty in everyday life through pure paintings, while Oh Taek-kwan's installation will provide a fantastic experience into a changing and moving city.  

More open.  

more closely  

"Open Exhibition" is open to anyone who has a passion for art, ranging from amateur artists who consistently work, up-and-coming artists who have little chance of being exposed to the public, and planners who want to produce exhibitions in experimental spaces such as subways. PACO, a group that produces public interest posters, was selected for the first time, and in this exhibition, it sends a message about what we can do together amid the changes that Corona 19 brought to society.  

A photograph of Yoo Dae-eol, who is famous as an advertisement planner, was hung at Jeongneung Station. Through the representative works of the photo collection "Adagetto," which captures everyday moments from all over the world in beautiful scenes, it provides an opportunity to reflect on the precious meaning of everyday life before the world was isolated with Corona 19.  

Five stations, including Hwagye Station, will be crowded with "cooperative exhibitions" with Naver Graffolio, Cosmic Green, Buzz Art and Changdong Leisure City, the National Museum of Contemporary Art. Each group of artists unfolds a unique and fresh world of works. It is also operating the "Wooise New Friends," which introduces art institutions (corporations) operating around northeastern Seoul and contributes to the co-prosperity of the local culture and arts community and the local economy through networking.  

The exhibition/work introduction at the Wu Yi New Culture and Arts Railway can be found on the website (www.uiartline.com). The images of the works (parts) currently on display are being released free of charge so that they can be used on the desktop of computers or smartphones, and citizens can apply for exhibitions or advertisements in the field of culture and arts, so I recommend you visit them.  

Edit. Kim Samuel  

Photo. Ui Art Line  

This article is for the publication of English articles in this section of KOREA 2020-August, and all unauthorized use/utilization is prohibited. Photographs cannot be reproduced without permission of the Wu Yi New Culture and Arts Railway or secondary processing. Please be careful so that there is no disadvantage.  

