---
title: daily life, irritation, and heat wave
subtitle : Story#202008230114
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life
 - irritation
 - and heat wave
date : 2020-08-22T16:14:30+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1589136484225-091fa1d3be07?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Perhaps because of the heat wave, the discomfort index went up, but it was unpleasant all day today.  

Now you might get used to it, but today the mask was irritated, too.  

When I came to work in the morning, I was sweating inside the mask.  

Oh, a mask on this hot day.  

Oh, it's such an easy day to break down day.  

Whenever I do this, I feel sad about the fleetingness of human life, not the preciousness of everyday life.  

Oh, a life like paper.  

It's not even a habit.  

When will this endless negative thinking be fixed?  

An unpleasant and negative man went to the post office.  

An unpleasant voice came from the side.  

The staff left the post office, hearing a loud scolding from a guest.  

All I can see is that the customer was a basic beneficiary and the employee was upset because something was wrong with the explanation.  

I thought the employee was too much as soon as I heard it.  

But when I took a few more steps to stand in front of the crosswalk, I thought I had no idea what was going on and off.  

The unkind attitude of the employee, the awkward attitude of the customer, and the information of the basic beneficiary were added to the sympathy.  

Is it okay to judge what's wrong in my mind?  

Also, while walking two blocks with useless worries, I thought the staff was too much to scream at.  

Yeah, it's your job anyway, but it's wrong to yell that much.  

That's how I came back to the company with the desire to fight and grab anyone by the sun again.  

Look, I don't want you to get too close.Please stay away from me.If I come closer, my heart becomes jagged.Sometimes I get annoyed and angry.So at the right distance.in a moderately warm placeSo that I can be pleasant and positive.Okay?  

Whether you're the sun or whatever.  

