---
title: daily life, essay, daily life
subtitle : Story#202008230046
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life
 - essay
 - daily life
date : 2020-08-22T15:46:26+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1553762869-cbb606f987b5?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I have a daily day today. It's not much different from yesterday. After work, I wash up, clean the bathroom, prepare a meal, and wash the dishes. I work out for a while and clean up before I go to sleep. The pattern of everyday life is very adhering to my life. I don't know when I've become so proficient, but I've been able to do it in an instant without difficulty.  

When I first became independent, I was really confused. While preparing the meal, I went to put the laundry in the washing machine, and in the meantime, the overflowing soup made a mess in the kitchen. The furniture I bought at my best is a miss in size. The shelves I bought on the Internet are products that I have to assemble, so I made them with a whimper for hours. At first, all kinds of objects were wandering around because they could not find their seats, although they were aiming for minimalism. I definitely had this thought at that time. Will I be able to live a familiar life someday? Can I feel happiness in living alone? There was such a question.  

But as time went by, it became strange to have such questions. I even forgot the question itself. Even though I wasn't perfect, I found my own life pattern and managed to move forward one by one. Then I forgot. Can I do well alone? Can you make it through? Such a question.  

Perhaps that's why I felt proud last night when I realized that I had mastered the housework and recalled the past questions again. It's nothing to brag about, but I was proud of myself. You've been well. You're holding up well now. The repetition of housework that you have done enough to get used to has made your home and me.  

Now the soup can be made well so that it doesn't boil over. I bought a tape measure that I didn't have at first, and I buy a decent assembly product without hesitation. Everyone else does. Can't I be the one? With that in mind. I don't delay washing the dishes. I do it then, and I sweep the dust once a day and clean the room. There is nothing lacking at the moment. The daily necessities have been filled with ease. And I have a rough idea. I'll have to buy detergent soon. I'm going to buy a garbage bag. From some time ago, I could do this, for granted.  

I don't think there's anything to brag about. It's a bit embarrassing to write. But it's praiseworthy to me. I forced myself to do housework that I didn't want to do, and tried to live faithfully without breaking down the pattern. I ate the food in the refrigerator frugally and healthily, and lived diligently cleaning up and throwing away the food so that dust wouldn't pile up in my house. Now that I've overcome the little annoyance every time and got used to doing the housework naturally, I think I can praise myself. Sometimes it was small, sometimes dark, but it's survived well. I believe I can do well in the future.  

To make a joke, I think I can eat chicken on the weekend because I've lived this hard.  

