---
title: Daily life, human life, diary
subtitle : Story#202008230154
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - human life
 - diary
date : 2020-08-22T16:54:33+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1559543853-e66326a2a4a8?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

An acquaintance once showed his writing. I was nervous when I read because I thought it was a letter or a petition. It wasn't meant for me. It was about personal experience. I read it all over and it was something that not only the writer but also all humans experienced. It started with a special article and ended with a universal one. The phrase "the most personal is the most cosmopolitan" fits well with the phrase.  

It was my point of view. So far, I've been writing to confess my love. Because if I write about it, I will be free from it. It's an abstract expression, but sometimes I get out of the way of writing. I crossed time and space on my own. It reminds me of my childhood diary.  

I read the diary I wrote in elementary school and met me again as a boy. I understood and sympathized with the unfamiliar me in the article. He revealed me in writing. Should I say that the article revealed me? I was glad and embarrassed.  

Writing is still difficult. When I write, but I don't know who will read how much, and when I decide who will read it, I think about him and I have a gap between my writing and myself. But it was good. I wasn't alone when I wrote that. I saw myself writing, and I met the person who was going to read the writing. If many people are going to read it, I've rented a spacious room and prepared to greet them. "Nice to meet you. You can all come in here." It's hard to write, but I liked it.  

I changed the middle from  <But하지만 to  <And그리고. Writing was difficult and good. The front and back expressions are meant to be different. I bumped into "difficult". I put a period at the end of the sentence and it was completed in harmony. It's very strange. They didn't try to beat each other and didn't try to crush each other. It went well with "difficult" and "good" in a subtle way. There was something connecting the two. It was a narrow gap but a noticeable margin. I put my eyes close to the sentence.  

"The writing is difficult and the writing is good."  

As I stared into the middle of the space until my eyes were numb, the message "Because I'm Human" appeared dimly. As humans, we exchanged words and writings with symbols and symbols. It's to exchange ideas. We expressed our thoughts and checked each other.  

Each scholar had one way to point out how he learned to speak and write. It's true that only humans create new languages, modify them carefully, and sometimes misunderstand them in the language. It's because of human beings, or because of humans. To sum up, facts (human beings write) are placed in the middle of the word (human beings should write) and Seon-ho (human beings like writing). Perhaps the writing itself was difficult and good because of the situation in the middle.  

The writing was written twice. I wrote it first and the reader rewrote it with deep thought. That's how the writer and the reader met. Whether we wrote in a hurry, thought for a long time, wrote correctly or wrong, we wrote it anyway, and somehow we read each other. The writing touched you reading. The writing of the word "Gulle" has been rewritten in the context of connecting me and others.  

In the 'Daily Life' category, I want to write in three dimensions with a lot of thoughts. "What's wrong with him?" It's something you can say over a sip of coffee. You'll read me for a few minutes. That's how life and life will cross and time will overlap. Nice to meet you all.  

Writing is difficult, so writing is good. In the context of the difficulty of writing in the human race, writing is good.  

