---
title: Daily life, company, artificial tears
subtitle : Story#202008231155
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - company
 - artificial tears
date : 2020-08-23T02:55:44+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1587304791596-e05904790b3d?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Periodically, eye clinics prescribe artificial tears. When I first went to the eye clinic because my eyes were dry, I knew about the existence of artificial tears and thought it was a really good world. On the other hand, I was sad that I could only live by artificially injecting tears into my eyes.  

After artificial tears become a daily routine, my tears are regularly prescribed. As the number of dry things increases, the number of belongings that need to be packed in the bag increases. Hand cream, hair oil, artificial tears, lip balm, etc. You have to spend time honestly to understand that life is getting dry and you have more things to take care of. At the same time, everything you need becomes very cumbersome.  

One day when I habitually went to the ophthalmologist's office, my doctor said he would teach me how to make natural tears come out, not artificial tears. Then, suddenly, look out the window and look at the blue roof far away. Someone was hanging the laundry on the roof of the house behind the blue roof. The teacher said.  

These days, people only see things in front of their eyes. That's the problem. If you only see things close, you have to put in artificial tears for the rest of your life. Sometimes when your eyes feel stiff, look 50 meters away, and you'll naturally have oil in your eyes.  

Although it didn't solve the dryness as clearly as artificial tears, looking at the blue roof made my eyes seem a little moist. The human eye is not a machine, but rather a distant or close focus, and the moisture is also secreted. I left the hospital thinking that.  

Maybe we're just looking ahead to our lives. Although I can't leave as often as I wanted, I could look at things from afar, but I think I got used to the easy and fast way. These little things in front of my eyes were not everything in my life, but I guess it was too big to look closely at.  

The space of the company is a very small space from a distance, but if you spend a lot of time in that space, you feel like you're everything there. If I evaluate myself in a very small space, not in a wide variety of images in the universe, I make the mistake of not considering someone's words as a small piece of my daily life and thinking that the words are myself.  

Everyday life is always glossy. What kind of life will always be shiny? It would be a little bearable if we could get a little further from the problems ahead of us, even sometimes. I decided to go to the rooftop when the water in my mind dries up in the gap between that person and me that I see now. I close my eyes in the breeze and go this Sunday. I'm in trouble with someone, but on Sunday, I'll buy a dress that I like and go eat the cake I wanted to eat. Next month, I am free to travel to Gyeongju, and I have a friend who welcomes me whenever I go to Jeju Island.  

What we have to do when life is drying up is not a trip abroad or something great. Wouldn't it be like staring silently at the Han River outside the window for a while, focusing my eyes on the green leaves showing off the summer, and eating what I want to eat right now? What we have to do is not so far, but just look 50 meters beyond, as we have come to live our short-sighted lives with the fast-paced times.  

Our daily lives are prone to dryness if we live short-sighted lives. You live in a farsighted view. If I go back and forth in focus, close and far, my vision will also be balanced. From a myopic point of view, the stains in front of me look big, but from a farsighted perspective, that's not a problem at all. So let's look at the place more than 50 meters right now.  

There may be some moisture in my daily life today.  


