---
title: I am also a writer, daily life, leisure, and empathy.
subtitle : Story#202008231413
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - I am also a writer
 - daily life
 - leisure
 - and empathy.
date : 2020-08-23T05:13:38+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1587995915329-aaf4887ffe66?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I don't know. Let's just write. That's what I think now. The morning caregiver teacher came and the second child said, "Mamma!" So I gave him milk powder in the morning. Leaving a certain amount of time and coming out of the morning greeting... I'm on my way to work. I start my car every day and slowly exit the parking lot.  

Last evening, my husband came home late. It was a get-together. It's a group get-together. I'll probably be very late, and I'll come in drunk. I heard a husband coming in while I was lying down with my second child. You look a little sad, and you look at the second child. What happened? My husband, who recently started his job at a law firm as a clerk, has changed his job several times. And marketing should have had a visible performance, but these days, the situation and the workplace (such as keeping a social distance from Corona) must have suffered a lot of sorrow.  

I guess it was the same situation yesterday. The CEO wanted the tens of millions of won he had invested in marketing, so it would have been far from easy to get the results as seen in the situation where only a month has passed. He probably treated his husband with a dismissive tone. I would have given him a nonchalant scolding and a slap on the face at a get-together with all his staff. And yet... The heavy burden of the head of household on his shoulders, he held the position silently. And then... I'm home.  

I gave my husband an allowance, and I really wanted to give him a little pocket money today. I, too, have a hard time communicating with patients or working at the company, and nevertheless, we silently endure the path as we live lives.  

While driving on the way to work, you can see a slow-moving egg car in front of you. I took a picture while stopping. When I saw him from the back, I thought he was going very slowly, but he had to drive slowly because he was carrying an egg truck. If you drive fast, or if you run through a bumpy road, the eggs will break into pieces. I looked at the egg tea like that.  

Yesterday, I was parking in front of my daughter's school, and I followed the car that entered the parking lot very slowly. As I drive, I also think, "Ah, a little faster~~~~ Why are you so slow~" often falters. Yesterday, I had that thought a little bit, and instead of saying, "Hurry up and go out of your mouth," I gulped down the child because he was next to me. I followed the car so slowly, so slowly. I must have gotten pretty strong while visiting, driving, and parking. It seems the same with the mouth and mind. I saw people parking and getting off. The three ladies got off in turn. Maybe it's something to drink with your friends? It looked like my mother's age. I don't know who's in the car. The person who gets off may be the same age as my parents. There are many situations where you have to be careful when you drive a car, especially when you get older. Dangerous, and my father also had a hard time driving on a rainy street a few days ago. I remembered my parents. If the car in front of me goes slowly, oh, my parents will drive. There are times when I think  

While pushing the baby's baby stroller. Walking with the baby slows you down. Become very slow. On the way, you have to see the flowers, and walk in step with the gentle steps. I can't push you. I walk while watching from behind, keeping pace with my child's steps. toddler toddlers, chomping children, walking slowly beside them. I see clouds and hear birds as I go down the road. You can also see the dandelion flowers and four-leaf clava blooming along the street. Blow with your mouth~ Blow it's blowing. Walk slowly, keeping pace with the baby's steps. That's how I get to focus on this moment.  

One book reminds me of the passage I saw. autumn days with fallen leaves fallen leaves falling to the rhythm of the stormy wind Fallen leaves are piled up in a simple way anyway. No matter how hard you sweep it with a broom, it falls off again. Little by little, it falls and piles up. That's how they sweep the leaves and pile them up again. Stacking and writing again and again and again. The relaxation of sitting on a bench and drinking coffee or talking about the falling leaves. Don't you think that's the case with us? Every day there are new things to do and the things that I put off the day before are piled up. There are things to buy every day and things to shop for. There are a lot of things to buy, things to pack for my husband, child, and me. We solve it one by one, but there is another. So is the work at work. Once you've managed to solve one thing, something else happens and sometimes things rush in like a tide. There's a lot of work around us anyway.  

Why don't we just... Why don't we leave the work in line and sit on the bench and drink coffee? Shall we look up at the sky and close our eyes and listen to the birds? Stop right there. It doesn't have to be a park, sitting on a nearby bench or park for at least 10 minutes a day. Just stop right where I am, in the car. Take your time. And just think about what I'm saying for a moment. Take a moment to look into the eyes of my precious family. Listen to what my child says for a moment. Nodding. Dropping a pinch of precious listening seasoning in everyday life. That's enough. Just doing what I want to do now, even if I don't have to. I'm writing what I want to do instead of trying to work. I wanted to write, and in front of me is a glass of cool Americano that I got as a present yesterday. A cool Americano that I drink on a rainy dreary day is a pinch of seasoning called composure for me.  

What's the catch for me today? Let's look for it.  

