---
title: Daily life, conversation, and atmosphere
subtitle : Story#202008230204
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - conversation
 - and atmosphere
date : 2020-08-22T17:04:51+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1562596133-06ae520e8c7e?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Before marriage, my husband said this."I went to my second sister's house yesterday, and I don't know what adults are talking about... It's embarrassing to tell Young-hee, but she said, "Yes, your poop is thick."  

Oh, come on, you're not an elementary school student, you're just"I heard the story and said, "It's possible because they're close. My parents are similar." In fact, I was like, "Oh, really? What's up with older people. Shouldn't you be thinking about life by then?'  

I thought.At that time, my sister and her husband were in their 40s, and now we're in our 50s, and I'm so embarrassed.If you record the conversation we usually have, elementary school student.  

It seems difficult to get out of the lower grade level.My husband in his 20s and 30s, and I, at least at that time, we had a minimum level of decency in speech and behavior, if not nobleness, why age?  

Did he turn into his sister's husband and wife? First of all, I thought of parenting. Maybe it's because we've been raising children and talking to them at their own level, that's why we've become hardened. the second above  

Sister-in-law, since her nephew was in the fourth grade of elementary school at the time, she would have often used the word "You're big in shit" among her friends. speak with one's son Did he learn? When he was young, he taught him how to talk, and when he grew up, he learned how to speak.For the second reason, I wondered if it was a simple and light talk because life became much more complicated and tiring than it was when I was young. Now I have four more people to take care of compared to when I used to take care of myself.Starting with me right now, when I was in my 20s, I discussed philosophy even if I had a drink, but now, let alone philosophy, I don't drink alcohol because I feel sick.Third, because my husband and I are really close together (in a very good interpretation of the situation), we talk about all kinds of childish things and share our innermost thoughts. Ordinary  

I met him as a grown-up.  

What a desirable relationship a couple can share! Is it better to interpret than to dream?  

Anyway, I wondered if I needed to have a hard time because everyday conversations were not even a debate, but I wanted to change my last intellectual vanity, my preparation for my daughter-in-law, or any other reason.I don't mean to use English, Chinese character, or technical terms, but I want to choose a more clear and concise word. It would be better if it felt neat and elegant.The way I speak is as important as the choice of words, but I need to correct my pronunciation first. Except for the unbecoming cuteness!One day, I was talking to the youngest, and my husband next to me was screaming.  

I've had it." Dude, what's wrong with you. I can't stand it!"What did I do? What did I do wrong? At the time, I told the youngest,  

I've talked about this.  

Do you want a tint, ttz? It's delicious.  

Ah......I have nothing to say even if I have ten mouths.It was just a playful remark to the lovely youngest, but from the listener's point of view, it must have been bizarre or grotesque, if you may have noticed, it was a sauce.  

Other than this, I'm sure I'm going to be in a state of unconsciousness.  

Thinking about the tyranny of cute acts, I feel sorry for my husband who has been watching me. The only target is the youngest!) The youngest who has endured it silently is also amazing.I have to change everything, not just pronunciation, but voice tone and facial expression, but that's better for my personality.  

It's like saying you're going to give up the challenge, so just think of recording the conversation (you can't actually record it). Since I don't have the courage to listen to it, I should practice saying a word carefully.When I was young, I read a series of essays titled "Family" by Choi In-ho in Samteo magazine, and I still remember it because it was impressive. It's been a long time, so I remember the rough story, but I can't be sure of the accuracy. One day, when it was bothering her that wrinkles on her face increased as she got older, Choi found new wrinkles. I wondered why this happened, so I looked in the mirror and made various facial expressions. Smiling, frowning, angry...Then we'll ignore them and make a look of contempt.  

It is said that the very wrinkles appeared. At that time, writer Choi felt it. How many times did I make this face without even realizing it?As much as Choi's wrinkles, I may have a habit of speaking that looks like a habit. Don't get angry or irritated by a reflexive "hello" or "thank you" habit.  

A word used to make fun of or laugh at others when flying. It's hard to think consciously of what I'm saying at that time. my call for the use of cultured words  

Consciousness must prevent unconsciousness.At one time my nickname was 'Oh, my gosh. When I make a mistake, I'm speechless, or I'm in a difficult situation, and I'm ashamed of myself.It's sad to see when the word has become "I C."  

I think I should try recording right away. Be brave!  

