---
title: Daily life, happiness, summer vacation
subtitle : Story#202008231313
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - happiness
 - summer vacation
date : 2020-08-23T04:13:16+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1566870111616-26e560074a10?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

It feels like just yesterday that 2020 started, but it is already mid-August. Time really flies with age. The speed that passes Monday through Friday really seems to fit that age range. This year, the existing daily life has changed a lot due to the Corona 19. Rather than face-to-face meetings with people in person, non-face-to-face contact is becoming more common through social distance.  

Lectures are also increasing online. This year, I'll be working at my own workplace, reading, writing and ground-based lectures,  "You who are having a hard time now, let's meet books!" I spent my time busily publishing books and giving lectures by authors. As I've been doing that, I've already had my scheduled summer vacation.  

Until last year, I had planned where to go for my summer vacation, but the Corona 19 made the trip itself a luxury. You can't even go out because of social distinctions. Sending quietly at home or at a pension was the best alternative. In line with that, I decided to spend my vacation quietly at my father-in-law's house in Andong.  

It is a small tile-roofed house with a yard behind a quiet town. Tired of city life, his father-in-law recently renovated his childhood home and has lived there since last year. The neighborhood is surrounded by mountains and fields. Surely the air quality is worse than the city. It's also good to wake up in the morning and enjoy a quiet walk.  

I read and write until late at night and enjoy board games with children. As I go to bed late, I naturally oversleep in the morning. Eat brunch and set up a mini pool in the front yard to play in the water with children. I'm not envious of any vacation. When I'm tired of playing in the water, I sometimes play in the sand. Make castles or cakes together and indulge in nostalgia for old sand play.  

During the vacation, he also celebrated his father-in-law's 71-year-old birthday. We sang a birthday song with candles on the cake and celebrated together. He looks happy looking at his grandchildren.  

Throughout the vacation, I play in the water with my children, watch TV together, eat, sleep, and roll around. Other than that, I read books from time to time and write. I'm relaxing quietly after a long time. My head was complicated because I ran nonstop, but I feel refreshed after emptying it out a lot. Such a small daily life itself is happiness. Is there any reason to find happiness from afar?  



