---
title: Collecting, Daily Life, Joy
subtitle : Story#202008232313
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Collecting
 - Daily Life
 - Joy
date : 2020-08-23T14:13:44+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1585594751447-281380d39dde?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

One warm sunny day, I smile brightly around my mouth and say thank you to the full of happiness.  

It came out. The steps were light and light, and I was even convinced that I could do everything that came to me well.  

Nothing special happened to me, but that warm sunshine alone in my daily life gave me today's gift.  

I thought it was enough.  

Why do I feel this way?  

It's probably because of my change of mind looking at life after loss.  On the other hand, it's the same routine.  

It was a little funny that there was only one thing I could be more grateful and happy about in the world.  

This is one of the words that Kim Shin (played by Gong Yoo) said in a drama called Goblin.  

"All the hours with you were dazzling.  

"I liked every day because the weather was good and the weather was not good, and the weather was just right."  

The moment I heard this line, I was greatly shaken. And at that moment, I had this thought. How can life be like this? Every day is a gift. It's either good or bad, or it's just that I'm alive and I'm happy in itself.' In fact, through all the experiences in a given life, I felt that I was present and that I was learning well from those experiences. So this one word made my heart cry.  

But what if it was 10 years ago?  

Perhaps he didn't have much sympathy. You might have begged and begged for only good days. on a hard day  

You might not have wanted to erase it from your memory and put meaning on it. Anyway, I'm going to look into my heart.  

There was more work, and I thought more deeply about the meaning of the given life and work, rather than focusing on outward thought and emotion. so then  

I started practicing staying and noticing rather than looking into the emotions that suddenly came up. When you feel unpleasant or irritated, you stop what you're doing for a while, and you don't know why.  

Trying to notice if you feel emotions. Like meditating.  

Is that why? I'm just like what's given!come to think that And it feels good just to have that given.  

While running along the Han River in the morning, looking at the rising sun, smelling the grass of flowers and trees, running at full speed in the cool rain without umbrellas, meeting people on the street, buying things at the supermarket, greeting employees, and ordering medicine for me.  

Just facing each other makes me feel good for some reason.  

So I enjoy the joy of meeting in my small daily life. It's fun without any prejudice or prejudice.  

Come to think of it, I've heard so many times since I was young that I was bright and cheerful. But I was suddenly out of control with the whirlwinds of emotions the moment I was given the unaffordable back of that overflowing energy. When that happened, I couldn't do anything and the feelings of depression and anxiety that I had hidden deep in my heart would creep up and eventually go into my own cave.  I had done nothing and hated everything until I came back out of the cave.  

Maybe that's why I enjoy everyday life these days. From the moment I open my eyes in the morning, I am grateful for what will come to me today, and I am excited about it, saying that I will use the present of the day well. That's not without great worries and trouble, but my mind dealing with those problems has certainly changed even if it's not perfect. A sudden thought strikes me that perhaps my bright energy from 10 years ago is now shining even more.  

Rather than looking for a big one, I think it would be better to find, discover and collect small things that would please me in a given daily life and entertain me. So if you collect the things I collect in the gift box of my memory, it will surely come back to me as a gift of happiness.  

There is a book called "Gathering the Joy of Yoo In-kyung," which I read once. I could imagine the writer enjoying her present happiness by gathering the joys she felt one by one in her daily life, which is no different from ordinary people. And surely I had the idea how much that bright energy light would sparkle on others. So why don't you make a habit of collecting various joys from all the small things that happen in your life?think of  

Today, when it rains, it will give me another joy than when the sun is warm.  

Even at this moment my heart flutters. So I am going to be happy again today.  

