---
title: Daily life, language, and overseas life
subtitle : Story#202008230054
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - language
 - and overseas life
date : 2020-08-22T15:54:06+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1566870111616-26e560074a10?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

With the start of a lockdown in Corona Australia, for the first time, our couple stayed together 24 hours a day at home.  

Because we're both so busy, the first few weeks are when we cook delicious food and share housework.  

I've been watching Netflix, and as the lockdown period gets longer, I'm often offended by nothing.  

My stress got worse because of the lockdown period and worries about work that I didn't know when it was going to end.  

I thought, 'Are we the only ones doing this?' So I searched the Internet and looked it up on YouTube, and there were so many couples.  

He's having similar problems with us. Even the corona has caused couples to live at home.  

It's easy to find articles in the media about the soaring divorce rate.  

her French  

It is unclear when I and the Gorang will be able to get back to work.  

It's nice to have similar daily life, but I think I should take this opportunity to do something that I couldn't do because I didn't have time.  

I heard it. Then I found a program on a language study site that I could study steadily every day.  

I've re-started my French, which I've left unattended for more than 10 years.  

When I studied in Korea, I had a lot of fun, and I had a lot of good memories while traveling.  

Most of all, I always wanted to know the country where the furrows were born and raised.  

In July, I spent two hours a day preparing for, attending, and reviewing.  

I'm trying to work hard until the end of September.  

French Man's Korean  

At first, 'Do your best. Ask me anything you don't know.'  

I see myself working hard every day, and I can see that my French is getting better.  

He said, "Should I study Korean again?"  

Gorang likes Korean dramas so much that he often uses expressions he hears at home.  

(For your information, Gorang can say almost 10 names of kings of Joseon. It's all thanks to Netflix.  

So he found a Korean book and a blue note he loved, buried in dust and moving things.  

He decided to start studying Korean with me again.  

It's already been two weeks since I studied for 30 minutes a day and watched a Korean drama together.  

(Recently, after finishing 'Hotel del Luna' with IU and Yeo Jin-gu,  

I've been watching 'The Lord's Sun' since the day before yesterday because I've been curious about the writers of Hong Sisters.)  

That's how our couple began to have a new daily life, 'learning the language and culture of the other person' due to the corona.  

A little tight finances and work-related stress and anxiety are still lingering,  

As we begin to learn each other's language, we often ask questions that we don't usually ask.  

We are talking and learning more from each other.  

I always feel this while teaching or learning students, but I am very thankful that Korean is my native language.  

I think Korean is a language that is not easy to learn and learn unless it's my native language.  

A lot of people are struggling with corona, and each couple is having a hard time.  

I'm sure you're trying to make it go well. It's a difficult time for everyone.  

But if you look for a little wise way to get through these times,  

I think I'll find some tips that can help me a lot in my life.  

By the way, when I asked the elk to use the expression he learned yesterday before dinner, he said,  

"That cat is soju. This cat is a beer. I'm an elk. I don't like corona."  

