---
title: Love, Daily Life, Busan
subtitle : Story#202008230212
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Love
 - Daily Life
 - Busan
date : 2020-08-22T17:12:00+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1522659536630-ce1b6286426f?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

On August 18, the blue sky, the difference in expression about love, do you love me?  

At the end of July, I went to Busan after a long time. There was no big reason. When Porori said she just wanted to see him, she decided to go to Busan lightly. I was excited about going to Busan after a long time. Because the period was short, I contacted my friends whom I really wanted to meet and filled the schedule with promises with friends I was happy to meet. The blue sky shone clear.  

On a cold winter day, I settled down in a restaurant, recalling the last Porori I saw. The weather was nice and the sea in Busan was still pretty. I opened the door and looked gladly at Porori, who came in, but unlike her happy eyes, she looked at me with an angry face. Sitting down, Porori expressed her welcome to me to the fullest, then unraveled Bonobono's story.  

Again this time, the indifferent Bonobono's words pierced Porori's attentive and emotional heart. A little hasty consideration of an ordinary person breaks the heart of a meticulous person. It was the same this time. With Bonobono's own consideration, Porori felt rather ignored. There was a sense of embarrassment in Bonobono's face, which ran toward the time the food was served.  

Bonobono seemed a little bit sad, though he was on Porori's side and abused Bonobono. I could see how embarrassed and sorry Bonobono was, who said indifferent things but looked at Porori's feelings first than anyone else. The hardened Bonobono's face was never going to unfold. Even to the cafe and talk but Bono is not disappointed. bigger and in the porori  

I've decided to move. It was a shame to break up, and most of all, I was curious about Bonobono's inner feelings. It seemed to me that the two were still a pretty couple and lovely, but there was a small gap that was hard to understand each other. Besides, I'm curious now. What kind of thoughts do you have behind your grim-looking face, how much love you have for Porori, and what kind of heart is Bonobono?  

With a glass of wine in front of him, the conversation went on slowly. The more we talked, the more I could see how much Bonobono loved and cared for Porori. The slow answer that Porori finds frustrating was Bonobono's consideration to be cautious about hurting Porori and to be cautious about anything to Porori. The large, thought-provoking Porori and the slow, passive Bonobono are just a little different.  

Porori likes to express her feelings full of emotion. When I like it, I like it so much, and when I hate it, I hate it so much that my emotions always overflow. Bonobono is full of emotions, but he always seems to care not to overflow. Sometimes, even when Porori's emotions overflow, Bonobono always embraces Porori with full of love in his heart.  

I think I can see how hard it is to have that steady wave of emotions. Even though the other party's emotions overflowed and pushed me, even if I could see an empty spot in my heart, the firmness of my heart, which was always full of love, felt reassured. I thought it was really fortunate that Porori was Bonobono.  

I think being a couple with someone is like building a solid bridge over a remote island. The bridge was connected to the distant mind as they touched each other's hearts, but there is no strong bridge from the beginning. As the hearts of each other build up, trust is added, and love grows, the legs become stronger. A weak bridge without this process cannot reach each other's island for long.  

It seemed to me that Porori wanted to build a bridge quickly back and forth between Bonobono's island and Bonobono wanted to build a bridge slowly late but solid and solid so that Porori wouldn't get hurt when he came. Such Bonobono would be frustrating, but I thought it was a relief. Sometimes, even if an urgent and emotional Porori falls or shakes in the grass, the hard Bonobono's legs will protect the Porori.  

The two, who clasped hands while bickering, suddenly became irritated because they looked so good together. A pretty couple who can see how much they love each other.  

