---
title: Daily life,police,present
subtitle : Story#202008230040
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life,police,present
date : 2020-08-22T15:40:40+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1517880917162-f95d325da5e8?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

My weekend is gone.  

Due to the nature of the police job, there is no weekend when working outside the office. There are no holidays. Holidays are also stories of other countries. Work when others rest and rest when others work. Since there are many days off on weekdays, people often misunderstand that they are unemployed when they walk around the neighborhood like the above costume.  

People who work for the police for the first time may not be used to it because they have always lived a life with weekends, so when they meet someone and go somewhere, they spend time on weekends. It is not easy to make appointments with friends, to go to lectures, and to learn something regularly.  

That's why I rarely go out or make appointments, and because of the pressure to leave work on a off-duty day and go to work the next day, I thought resting at home was the best rest.  

a person who can enjoy the leisure of a weekday day.  

However, after some adjustment to work, the off-duty hours began to get longer. Although there is a disadvantage of not being able to take advantage of the weekend, it has the advantage of being able to enjoy weekday daytime leisure when others work.  

When I get off work on my off-duty day, the clock is set for 8:30 p.m. If you hurry to wash up at home, it's a waste of about 9:30? 1 minute and 1 second, so skip the rice and fill your stomach with visible food. Sleep is almost as refreshing as you sleep on the subway to Seoul. Sleeping in the subway or bus is better than sleeping comfortably at home.  

I went to the library.  

I was able to go to the library.  

It has not been easy to borrow books due to the closure of the library due to the Corona, but thankfully, it has been available again. It may be a little complicated because there are many users on weekends, but there are few people on weekdays mornings. You can roam the library as if it were your own space. Since I came to the big library after a long time, I want to read this book and that book, so I think about it for a long time. Since the number of books available for borrowing is limited to five volumes, I carefully put in the books.  

The original purpose was to borrow all of Chairman Kim Seung-ho's books, all of which were on loan. I wanted to read these books, but it's too bad that I can't borrow them right away.  

I wanted to see a beautiful view.  

The original purpose was Namsan Mountain, but because the weather was cloudy, the view was unlikely to be beautiful, so I chose a cafe with a view of the Han River as the second best option. If it was the weekend, I heard that it was a crowded cafe, but I could enjoy the time in a relaxed and calm manner with the privilege of weekday daytime.  

Because it runs a bookstore and a cafe together, it is a place where you can read books as much as you want. I brought my borrowed book to read, but I found Chairman Kim Seung-ho's book unexpectedly! I picked it up in joy.  

After reading this book, my goal was to go home, but I read it until 80p and came out with an appointment. I found the book I wanted in an unexpected place, but I couldn't finish the plan.  

To focus on the present that one realizes from trivial things  

I found the book I wanted to read in a place where I couldn't even think of the book I wanted to read because it wasn't in the library, but I felt like I had to wait for a long time.  

Nevertheless, I found a book that I wanted to read by chance, but I couldn't read it until the end.  

The things I thought, the things I planned, don't always go my way. But I don't know when and where I'll be given a chance. So you have to do what you can in that situation.  

I can't concentrate on the present. The body is here, but there are many cases where thoughts are in different places because of different things to do. He had problems in his head that would not be enough to pour all his energy into at this moment.  

How can I know the future when I borrow and read a book and nothing goes my way? Of course, I'm a police officer who is guaranteed a stable retirement age, but I don't know what's going to happen over 30 years. I could quit tomorrow right now.  That's why I don't think there's a lifetime. You never know when and how things will change.  

Meditation was the most difficult thing in the temple stay I went before. 'Focus on the present,' 'Find out that your body and mind are here.' Even when you close your eyes and meditate, you hear the sound of water flowing, worrying about what you're going to do tomorrow, and trying to stay still, your body can't stand it.  

Is there anything that changes just by not focusing on the present and thinking about something else?  

Nothing goes my way. If you want something in the future, you should do what you can now. Right now, even if what I'm doing seems to be ordinary and fruitless, ordinary present builds up and becomes the future things I've been hoping for.  

It is still difficult, but I want to thank you for the given time and focus on the present.  

