---
title: daily life,comma,summer
subtitle : Story#202008230007
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily 
 - daily life
 - comma
 - summer
date : 2020-08-22T15:07:41+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1507693056974-fdf4b3a26796?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Time-Adding The summer's beginning is leaning to the center. My room plants turn green in the humid and humid air during the rainy season. These days, every single plant that changes and grows is eye-catching. This is due to the recent end of the semester, which had endured a breath-taking feeling. The college life of starting over was fun but not so relaxed, so I had to try not to miss the big stem that always flowed. As I ran so hastily, I had to let it go because I was in a hurry and couldn't take care of it unless it was important. Maybe it's more of a throwaway. So what I had left behind were little things that were neither urgent nor important, but they were so precious in my life that some of 'I' had worn away little by little as the days went on when I could not take them. In fact, those precious things were part of me.  

Taking care of plants, serving me with a small tea table on a clean desk, dusting off the bookshelf, getting up in the morning and making the bed. The work of cultivating such small daily lives. It was actually a precious and important task, if not urgent. It was my job to take care of myself.  

I forgot that the little things that took not much time would be a comma in our busy daily lives. A small circle with a tail stamped in a sentence, a comma does many things besides stopping reading a sentence for a while. The comma reminds us of the meaning of the sentence in the breath that we paused for a while, and also highlights a part of the sentence, creating a long lingering sensation even between short sentences. Life also needs a comma-like moment. A brief gap in daily life and taking care of it, in which we can get more than we thought.  

Only after finishing a sentence without a comma did I realize how short the months had been. I should have looked back on my daily life and cared for the cut places, not just stopped. The new sentences being written with commas in the right places are much more colorful and relaxed than before. It's not as hard as it can't stand, nor as tired as it's about to fall.  

I have plants these days, my room, my daily life, and finally my own. Looking at plants and observing changes every day is making my life green. When the dried green sprouts spread out, the children are so proud that they laugh when they see the green stems that grow out of the side branches. The laughter is not only for plants but also for me. Not missing a small change makes small happiness grow in everyday life. And how full it fills me to serve me in a well-organized room with tea tables. When warm and fragrant tea water warms my insides, I am even a little thrilled. Clean rooms, fragrant teas and green plants filled me again, consumed in breathless days. I'm feeling vividly with my whole body how precious it is to my life to take care of them. Everything I do with my full body and mind is pleasant.  

So I try to get up every morning, clean up my bedclothes, keep an eye on the plants, and serve me with a good tea, without missing the appearance of growing up every day. If you also have a daily routine in your busy days, I hope you can take care of it at the right time. Whether it's taking care of plants like me, arranging rooms, or eating delicious food, or meeting and talking with a good person. Anything that fills you up. If you don't miss such a comma-like moment, a piece of writing you write will make you happy and those who read it.  

