---
title: bad breath, daily life, smell
subtitle : Story#202008231253
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - bad breath
 - daily life
 - smell
date : 2020-08-23T03:53:42+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1532112213378-33b38594d680?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Confucius' record of life in the Analects shows that he ate ginger without ceasing. This is not the purpose of being full. It was taken to strengthen the mind and remove the bad breath._ May 15, 39th, King Jungjong  

the 12th king of Joseon That's what he said when he was a crown prince, giving ginger to officials of the East Palace. The original Star Instructor's record on Confucius gave him tips on breath control.  

In fact, the Analects introduce 10 rules about Confucius' eating habits. Avoid fresh foods or fruits that are not in season and eat ginger regularly. He met many people every day, and he was thorough in managing his health and breath odor as he stood in front of many people.  

Why babies don't have bad breath.  

In modern times, you can manage your mouth odor in various ways, even if you don't have to eat the sick ginger. But are we taking care of the cause first? Experts advise that products that you use inadvertently become toxic. A strong mint scent can cover the smell for a short time, but it can dry your mouth and make the smell worse.  

Here's the importance of saliva that we didn't know. Saliva does many things in the mouth, including removing germs and keeping the mouth clean. Some say that babies don't have bad breath because they have a lot of saliva.  

math instructor's unspeakable worries  

"I was a math instructor. I've been talking on my own all day. On eight hours of training, my mouth would dry up and I would gargle out of it like I was running away."  

Bresbres, famous for its "morning poop-sniffing toothpaste," is a brand created by the curiosity of a former math instructor who is a mouth-care fan and always worried about the smell of the mouth. Kim Hye-bin, who was watching the drama "What's Wrong with Secretary Kim?" after work, watched the main characters' morning kisses and wondered about the possibility of it becoming a reality. Even if I put all my heart and soul into a set of three types of mouth care before I went to bed, I still had morning bad breath.  

While tapping various places, from the Internet to OEMs, to answer questions, a pharmaceutical company gets an unexpected answer. Maintaining moisture in the oral cavity. It wasn't mint strong enough to suppress breath odor, but it was that moistening the mouth could reduce morning breath odor.  

The "Morning Bres" was developed with a focus on keeping your mouth dry. It contains moisturizing ingredients such as eucalyptus oil, mint oil, vegetable glycerin and coconut oil to prevent dry mouth during sleep. It's a golden combination found after more than 15 prototype tests.  

We excluded synthetic surfactants commonly used in other toothpaste. It's because the cleansing power is good, but it makes the mouth dry after use. It's like washing the dishes with a synthetic surfactant and feeling dry hands. Instead, I added a coconut-based surfactant.  

We also removed any harmful ingredients such as saccharin and tar pigments. The principle was established in the case of oral mucosa, considering that it is lighter than normal skin and can absorb external substances better than normal skin. Because of this, the taste and color have become different from the ones used before, but the quality of the product has been completed.  

  

For the sake of our daily lives.  

"People do a lot of things with 'talks.' They share ideas, create new things, and give the wounded the power to rise again. Mouth odor is a barrier to this conversation. In the future, Bresbres will continue to introduce products that create a daily life that anyone can talk to."  

Bresbres also recently introduced a mouth-watering toothpaste called "Dry Bres" for daytime and a gargle "Instant Bres" that has no alcohol content. Considering daytime activities that increase food intake and conversation, it is characterized by the addition of ingredients that can remove dullness and refresh.  

We are also preparing new toothpaste to solve problems that many people can relate to and worry about, such as bad breath. I hope that the day will come when many people can talk more comfortably and joyfully, recalling the inconvenience they experienced when they were teaching math.  

 

