---
title: daily,retirement,fire
subtitle : Story#202008230101
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily
 - retirement
 - fire
date : 2020-08-22T16:01:46+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1512719724284-dbb9ef47eac5?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

What is your daily life like doing what you really like? It's fun just to imagine a day when you spend time with your family, a relaxing morning, and a day of rewarding, passion and relaxation. In order to live this kind of daily life, they decide, 'I'm going to be a fireman!' and 'I'll retire from the front before I turn 40 and try to do what I like!' But they spend time of agony and worry until they actually do. It's not easy to get out of the drug of paycheck, even if you're bored with more than a third of the day, and you have to stick to something you don't like that you don't like.  

FIRE is a small attempt to live its own life, but it hopes to find what it really likes before deciding to retire. I dream of a life that I imagine in my head, but the fact that I just have to do nothing and have a relaxing day is very boring and worrisome. I dream of a free life from work, but a life without work is hard to imagine. You need to focus on your favorite things (even if it's not a job), leisure or activities.  

Even if you take a short break after retirement, it may seem like an overly risky decision to retire without a plan to spend the day doing something you like. The reason why I'm not more sure about my choice is what I really like about it? Because I can't answer the question of There are too many things to give up in order to open the third act of life with only the blueprint of the dream in doubt.  

I try to find my future hope for a very long time, but I don't know what the job is and choose it as my future hope. It's just that he chose his favorite job around the time when he decided on his future career for very simple reasons, such as being able to make a lot of money, a colorful life in the light, or a social reputation. The job, the job, without knowing what life was like....  

In retrospect, wouldn't it be lucky that you found your aptitude? I feel like It's great to find out what you like and what you're talented in, but living a life where you can go through ups and downs and try steadily feels like a true successful life. But the reality is a series of days when students are pressed for entrance exams, and busy with credits, part-time jobs, tests and specifications. Time goes by and before I know it, I'm trying to get into a narrow job market with others. It would be nice if we could find a place where we can save our major.  

If I can find what I really like now, I think I can give up my day as a living soon. There's no more stupid choice than to give up the chance to challenge something you really like. It's a perfect opportunity to practice the adage, "When you think it's too late, it's the fastest time." My parents told me that they wanted to go to school, but they couldn't study because they didn't allow it. It was a time when everything was lacking, when even individual lives should be cut down to the discipline of society and sacrificed for family and community. But now it's different. If you have the will, you can choose the life you want, and you have enough environment to challenge for that life.  

The life you really want is as hard as finding a needle in the desert. Moreover, it is even more difficult to put the choice of the Fire and the life they want at the same time. No wonder you hesitate in the face of two big choices that can change your whole life. That much requires prudence, and confidence in one's choice. Must be as safe and sustainable as possible. If there is a way to minimize the risk of choice, it is to taste the planned trial and error and failure. It's a way to choose the surest choice through a small attempt with failure in mind.  

Just as the bucket list has changed before and after retirement, the daily life you think you like may not be as pleasant as you think. You'll have a satisfying time at first, but you have to prepare every Saturday for the end of the same routine. The process of dreams becoming reality and everyday life is a process that everyone goes through. Mental stress can be too much to go through after an early retirement process. It's good to experience the process of getting used to your daily life in advance. It is essential to gain stronger confidence in your choice before retirement. It's okay to think it's nothing after trial and error. Because there are many other daily lives that wait.  

First of all, write down what you dream of, or your daily life. It is recommended to arrange about 10 things in as much detail as possible. Let's take a look at the list of things you can do right now. Then, try to practice for at least three or six months. It makes everyday life a reality that is drawn only in one's head.  

Buddhist monk Beopryun advises you to "do first" anything you want to do, and there are things you will find out if you try them out, just as Milano (the first fashion designer, professor, buyer, and launching of a luxury brand in Korea) says, "First of all, try on whatever you want to wear." If you want to go on a trip that many people aspire to, it's good to go on a trip every weekend. In Korea, you can experience the life of a traveler while traveling abroad for up to two nights and three days. In fact, he traveled every weekend for a year before his retirement. I made four nonstop trips to and from the airport in a month. On a schedule to depart by train late Friday evening, he spent the weekend in a strange city where he could arrive by night flight, sleeping and waking up. By the time I got used to the word "Leaving," I learned facts on the street that could not be captured in pictures. I realized that travel shines more brightly when I have a daily routine to go back to. The life of a digital nomad, daily life close to nature, cafe management, and life as a writer are the same. Start with the things you can do first. You can experience trial and error and failure, both large and small. While dreams become routine, sustainability is determined.  

There are facts that can be learned only when you sell your feet to the point where you wonder if there is a way as sure as you feel it yourself. You can see other kinds of jobs or lives indirectly through various channels, but it is almost impossible to know the actual appearance with just a short video produced. Though he declares his retirement based on thorough pre-investigation and planning, he cannot avoid trial and error living a life he has never experienced before. By experiencing the process as much as possible before retirement, one can either modify the plan or buy time to make another one.  

There's a saying that you shouldn't do what you really like with work. This is because as soon as a hobby becomes work, you can no longer enjoy it as a play. But FIRE is one way to reduce the burden like a play. It can be excessively dangerous to plan a post-retirement routine with only the outward appearance and expectation, and with the blueprint of the imagined dream alone. Don't leave your dreams to your imagination, but make them real. You'll find out once you try.  

