---
title: Self-improvement, habits, daily life
subtitle : Story#202008232348
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Self-improvement
 - habits
 - daily life
date : 2020-08-23T14:48:50+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1553531174-92b257c1d571?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

July was a miracle month for me. Starting from the end of May, the month of June was a month of complete collapse. He also rationalized himself. You may rest for a while. You may be lazy for a while. You can let go for a while. But we know that our brains are always comfortable, lazy, and prone to action. Once collapsed habits and daily lives were kept intact. And the brain was just leading me to keep it steady.  

She made up her mind again in early July by settling accounts in the first half of the year. My daily life hasn't changed much, but I had to set up my own strategy to properly rein in my mental state. Just re-establishing the environment so that you can see the direction of your goal direction steadily. It was one of them.  

The result was more satisfactory than I thought. Maybe it's a halo effect because it collapsed so horribly in June. Whatever. The reason why I decided it was a miracle of July was that it showed a clear difference as a result of the record.  

First, the factors affecting daily satisfaction have all improved in a good direction. In order to live a happy life, there is a saying that you can collect happy days. So I've always been evaluating my day's satisfaction to make my day. In July, achievement, emotion, immersion and sleep patterns were all positively improved together. Improving sleep patterns was life's homework, and I did it for the first time for a month.  

Second, meditation time has increased again. This may be just one phenomenon, but meditation time, which has been on the decline for the past two months, is gradually increasing without any intention. The result of the increase in meditation time is unexpected and it is hard to judge which part is related to, but it is unexpected.  

At the beginning of the year, I was told that it was related to sleep and happiness, and compared my sleep log with my daily satisfaction level in the first half of the year. As a result, however, no major singularities or associations have been found. So I've always wondered. However, as we changed the strategy of visualization this time, the connection slowly began to emerge. It's not that I don't have nothing to do with getting up early in the morning and starting the day, but that my life pattern was so messed up that I couldn't find it. Obviously, when I improved my sleeping pattern, I could see that my morning emotions improved extremely. Of course, sleep is not the only cause. In fact, July was a combination of all that.  

My own strategy changed in July compared to the previous month is as follows.  

1. Set only one big goal. And set goals by subdividing them to achieve them for a month.  

2. A month's worth of my Habit and predictable work schedule on the Daily Time recording sheet are reflected in advance.  

3. Visualize bedtime. Until now, we had only visualized sleep and wake-up times, but we added bedtime to this.  

4. Always deliberately care for emotional management. Try to minimize psychological conflict internally and externally, and minimize stress in family or work..  

5. Change the language used. By borrowing a part of the book, one is evaluated by changing one's feelings to the expression "good/bad", not "comfort" or "not comfortable". In real life, he intentionally cares about words and converts all the negative words he has habitually used into positive ones.  

Previously, he was aware of the proportional relationship between satisfaction - achievement - immersion - and emotion, but the question was how to control "emotion," which was always the top priority. By the way, we found a link between emotion - afternoon emotion - morning emotion - and sleep patterns, and changed the sleeping environment, and we all felt a sense of pride that improved together. It was a miraculous moment for me.  

The small achievements of July month are so precious to me. It's my own data, which means little to others, and it's my own record. I understand people, and in order to make them, I must maintain the system in my own way. I felt so much at this opportunity.  

First, I didn't immediately produce visible effects or tremendous achievements, but my self-satisfaction increased because I had the direction to control myself. The assessment of others is of no importance. I'm not recording for evaluation.  

Second, the conversion of terms was quite effective than I thought. I don't care much whether the book is good or bad. You can take values and good examples that will help me, and throw away things that are meaningless to me. I have experienced that by changing the language I can induce a positive assessment of myself.  

Third, I noticed the meaning of Peter Drucker's words, "Unplanned execution is the cause of all failures." I originally liked the plan, but I always failed. That is proof that the plan itself had many problems. This time he changed his strategy, sheltered the lumps of time, almost blowing his hesitation in action. Without hesitation, hesitation, or time to think, the chances of failure were significantly reduced. It was a surprise. Something so simple and easy.  

Fourth, the key is to give freedom to relax and relax in the middle. "I've been working all day and I've been out many times. I had to realize that today is not the only day I work and die. It's really useful to set a time and get as much immersion out of it as possible. Practicing not to get tired. This may be the most important cliche we have in our lives.  

