---
title: Motor Company, Car, Daily Life
subtitle : Story#202008230024
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Motor Company
 - Car
 - Daily Life
date : 2020-08-22T15:24:41+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1574875927426-520b669aa198?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Dressing is important. Casual attire in hooded jeans makes the day easier, and on days dressed neatly from the waist up straight. You can change your mood or situation day by day, and your attitude in daily life changes accordingly. The same goes for cars. Depending on your styling, you can look more dynamic and feel the pleasure of driving. Hyundai Motor's i30 N-Line allows you to feel refreshed in your daily life.  

The i30 N line's dynamic appearance begins with a dedicated radiator grille with high performance sensitivity. The pattern of decoration filling the inside of the grill changes from traditional silver to black mesh, making the impression even stronger. The front bumper emphasizes a sleek feel to match the new grille, and the black bezel headlamps complete a deep eye.  

An N-line dedicated emblem attached under the tail lamp simultaneously reveals the identity and presence of the i30 N-line. First introduced with the i30, the N line is located between the base model and the high-performance N model, with N-inspired design elements and sleek driving sensibilities. It is a model where you can feel the joy and high performance of driving in everyday life.  

The i30 N line has the driving performance to suit your looks. The N-line only components, Vilstein Monotube Shackup Shover and Lowering Spring, provide a firmer lower body. Thanks to this, you can maintain a stable posture at the corner and enjoy sporty driving. Brake discs are raised to improve braking performance. The 18-inch alloy wheel, dedicated to the N-line, is another emotional point to enjoy with your eyes.  

The i30 N line is attractive in the back. The LED tail lamps have as strong eyes as the headlamps. If you look down, you will notice an N-line exclusive diffuser and a dual single-tip muffler. The i30 N-line muffler also makes the exhaust sound louder. Like this, N-line's sporty sensibility can be felt through all senses beyond the visual.  

The i30 N line, with its high-performance sensibility both inside and outside, enables your own driving at any time in your daily life. It's because the styling was added to create sporty emotions and atmosphere. Of course, the sporty performance of the i30 N line is also important. Why don't you add vitality to your daily life with the i30 N line?  

  

