---
title: Book Fair, Mother, Childcare, Daily Life
subtitle : Story#202008230125
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Book Fair
 - Mother
 - Childcare
 - Daily Life
date : 2020-08-22T16:25:03+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1552591662-b1bfe0d7d1f7?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

These days, when I'm trying to start my career as a freelancer, I'm pressed for time and living a very busy life mentally. Strangely enough, now I'm in a hurry because I don't have enough time to go to the daycare center, until the evening when the mother of the house is watching, and even though I can spend the night after the baby goes to sleep. (Right, I'm a single parent.) Why am I so short of a day? Why is my heart so busy for many hours of the day, without wasting time on commuting buses, without having to wear makeup and choose clothes for work?  

The problem was that countless ideas and ideas in my head were eating into my day. There's a lot of small things that I'm doing right now, how to expand them into business, what I need to study and do right now, what I wanted to do, what I thought was worth the money, and I'm so confused that I end my day without finishing anything properly. In order to sell the service, I would drop every single day by 100 percent. I don't regret the joy I feel when I immerse myself in the fragmentary Tudourist for a moment, but somehow now I feel a warm feeling that I couldn't draw the whole picture. Yes, I am a person who, sadly, has spent my entire life studying, working, and struggling to protect a given deadline at work at school. It was very difficult for me to plan, plan, and act on the task of holding the saps, and set its timeline.  

Originally, I didn't intend to do anything perfect. As my husband, who's a senior in business for seven years, always emphasizes, once you do it, the dots will continue. - Just hit it! Yes, so is writing. Whatever it is, I have to try it out, so as I started this brunch, I was thinking of writing anything that came to my mind once a day-- I was writing something random, but as an excuse to plan and use it a little bit more.  

In the meantime, YouTube, Facebook, and Instagram. What should we do about the time when we literally evaporate the day according to the algorithms of many media outlets? If you look back and see if my fingers see it or I see it, what's left is an enhanced algorithm that knows me better than my husband! I'm going to kill your finger right now. I decided to write an idea note to organize my thoughts. Who's done this? And then I found myself 2 and 3 watching something else. Why is that? Empty thoughts come to mind. (I'm doing this again?)  

With the will to solve this problem, I make a grave decision today. (Tudun) Let's organize the time to think and act and prevent the penetration of gossip that others send to me. This includes Kakao Talk's constant meaningless messages. Na 4, who is easily immersed in and sympathized with numerous news and chatter about how much Jeon Kwang-hoon is, will save Na 4, who finds it difficult to control her anger. The prescription is to come out of the group conversation and claim to be isolated. So you're brave enough to have two or three chat rooms running the same cycle every day? I've organized it. I miss the group chat room that is useless in loneliness, so even though I might have an echo-like conversation in the chat room with me now, it's important to physically castrate something out of focus. First, it's time for me to knock on at least the eating and next chapter!  

Even if you think and think that seed money is something to be trusted in the open and closed fields, you should at least have a latch to open and close it if the waves of thought are soaked in my collar. So I'm going to scoop up ideas from the well and limit the time I think to the morning of the weekdays. Let's send the child to One at 10:30 a.m., have a meal, and think about it enough for an hour and a half and do an ID. And in the afternoon, do your best what you are supposed to do on that day! Only then can the wheels roll in the country. Let's remind myself that I have to touch somewhere to imagine another area. I'll write it big and stick it on the side of my workshop!  

- Think on weekday mornings/ Act in the afternoon-  

- Weekend (unconditionally) time with husband/baby/Thinking of a week on Sunday night.  

- Be sure to act as planned during paid child care hours (eoljip, aunt) -  

Let's do it for a week and then make adjustments.  

