---
title: I am also a writer, moving, daily life, starting
subtitle : Story#202008230035
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - I am also a writer
 - moving
 - daily life
 - starting
date : 2020-08-22T15:35:08+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1591625992137-4923419701d5?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

2020, 8, 3, Monday.  

Since July 1, flights between Europe have resumed and border controls between France, Spain and Portugal have been lifted, allowing them to move.  On the first day of the 1st, I booked a day flight to Lyon, but I received an e-mail from the airline asking me to change it to the evening flight without purchasing seats. I arrived at Lyon Airport late in the evening, and when I entered the apartment, it was past midnight. On the way, there was a pleasant sight to see, and I could enjoy the scenery of the car window for a while in a taxi running through the night view of the museum's Confluence, which I had never seen in five years. Recently, the French miniseries featured a unique setting that featured the inner story of an orchestra band, which was a very impressive spectacle in Lyon, where the night view of the building was first seen and never seen in the media.  

After dealing with some apartment-related matters and checking the luggage that had been arranged four months ago, Porto did not have a Korean mart, so it bought plenty of basic Korean food items such as kimchi and instant noodles. Since it is a long-range dish, it weighed a lot and bought kimchi, but if you go for three days, it will be sour kimchi in the truck, but you will be able to eat as you wish. I packed my luggage on the 9th and loaded it on the 10th, and I was busy organizing this and that, hoping that the border would not be blocked again until I finished moving. When entering France and Portugal, the government had to submit documents related to the covid, which had to be officially issued by the government and downloaded and written online, and on the return flight to Porto, the Portuguese-issued documents related to the covid were submitted. It contains personal information and symptoms.  

Fortunately, we came back on the 12th and met the truck that arrived well at noon on the 14th. The next day, three staff members came back to unpack their luggage, put on lights, and put nails on them to attach pictures, connect washing machines, and most of all, the broken table has been repaired, so they will be able to use it without much notice. But the other drawer broke its leg, so I was organizing my stuff, and I got it repaired... Let's just do it. Let's get used to breaking things. It's old, it could be broken. Still, items that had been used cleanly were damaged here and there and there, confirming that their hand movements and attention could never be followed by Koreans. Koreans probably don't know that Korea has such rapid growth and is really good at everything. When I see their sloppy hands and finishes, I feel so stuffy that my mouth is sighing, but I swallow my complaints and turn around. The day will come when the world will know that Koreans' workmanship is by far the best in the world, not only in defense, but also in almost everything.  

Upon arrival, the week-long work on the interior of the apartment, which had been scheduled for the following week, has begun, after a largely hectic week of unpacking. The work, such as partial floor replacement of the living room, waterproofing the veranda, and tile replacement, which seems to be completed in a day in Korea, is always double the number of people here, but the work is divided into two times the time, so the technicians in charge are all different. The cement breaking technicians are the same as the waterproof sheet work and tile work, and the construction workers are different from those who tear off the floor floor, and many engineers come and go in and out of relatively simple repair work, and they are often confused about what topic to talk about with them. I don't know what the construction is going on unless I check with the manager one by one, and the waterproofing and tile work on the veranda was completed today, but the paint seal on the wall is also coming from a paint technician. No matter how much I look at it, it's a week's construction in Korea, but I think it'll take more than a month...  

  

In the third week of July, when I moved in, I was covered with sweat from the summer heat of nearly 30 degrees Celsius for two days, but after a week, the heat went away due to abnormal summer temperatures, and in the morning and evening, I slept under a cotton blanket. In August, the wind became stronger, so the summer heat disappeared, and every window is having a summer that is not like August at all. It's cool, but I hope it's not proof that the Earth has a very serious disease, but I don't think this is the normal weather of summer. Porto is said to have been an unusual heat wave for the first time in 30 years last year, and this year is probably an unusual abnormal low temperature.  Even during construction, I still talk with the workers in spare moments, but sometimes I forget about the mask and say a few words. After hearing my husband's nagging, I tried to find and wear the mask again, but I was worried about the danger of Cobid while moving around, but now that I'm careful, I'm getting out of fear. Here in Lisbon, we can't rest assured that the number of people in Porto seems to be relatively good at wearing masks. Cool weather, colder than cool weather... As furniture, rooms, and figures find their seats and are carefully rearranged, the body is a little tired, but the mind and emotions are stabilizing. I saw YouTube in a small study in a small room, and I wrote on brunch today, and the table I used as a table became my study desk, and I brought in two terrace chairs, and my husband told me to put out a veranda chair, and I didn't leave the veranda.  

This evening, I will spend a hectic July with Porto wine and welcome August. In the window of the study, it is a grateful evening for the noise of running cars. It's fortunate that the city, which had been staticly dead without noise, is living again. Don't forget to thank me every day for my small daily gratitude. It is a modest path and a way not to be mortgaged to chaos in a disaster.  

