---
title: Mom, daily life, family.
subtitle : Story#202008230057
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Mom
 - daily life
 - family.
date : 2020-08-22T15:57:01+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1531983412531-1f49a365ffed?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Wouldn't my mom be curious about my daily life?It was only after I heard about my mother's transition that suddenly occurred to me.  

My mother was diagnosed with breast cancer one day about six months before my wedding, and I wanted to be fine after the surgery, but she told me the news one day in May 2020 when Corona was in full swing and swept the world. This time it was brain cancer. The second time I heard that my mother had cancer, I didn't get used to it. I wanted to run to my mother right away, but I gave up on going to Korea because I had no courage to buy a flight ticket to Korea even though I had to write a statement when I went out to shop in front of my house. I was too cowardly to make such a decision because I felt sorry for my mother, so I cried because I was afraid that she might go wrong. I don't know how many weeks I've spent in tears since then. In fact, I'm tearing up while writing this.  

I was so realist that I had never had a religion and I was sure it would never happen again. But all I could do was pray in a reality where my mother was sick and couldn't do anything. Since Italy is a Catholic country, there are cathedrals in every neighborhood, and every day during the Mass, he visited and prayed.  

I don't know how to pray, but if you save my mother, I will be your child forever.Please be by my side so that I won't be afraid, and please let me meet you no later.  

After praying like this, I felt much more ease. I'm thinking of getting baptized in Italy.  

For the first time I felt, "Oh, this is why people have religion."  

I run Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, homepage, brunch, and Naver blog. Just as the nature of the channel is different, the purpose of each channel is different. Facebook and Instagram share a light line or two of daily life; homepages are Italian travel information; brunch is essay format; Naver blog is diary; and YouTube is for video recording. Have I ever shared my daily life with my mother? I was a blunt person who only called once a week and was in a hurry to check the fate of my family. I've been saying, "I'm doing great. Don't worry," I thought you were really doing well, but it wasn't. She is a mother who says not to come to Korea because she is worried that she will worry about me on the phone while recovering from a surgery that lasts more than 15 hours.  

Mom, who cannot easily leave the hospital due to the Corona incident, will still watch my YouTube videos at the hospital. However, he doesn't do any online activities other than Kakao Talk, so he won't know my daily life." (Maybe he doesn't know my daily life more than my online friends.) But who wouldn't be curious about their children just because they don't know?  

Since I became unemployed (husband) these days, my routine wakes up before 6 a.m. and after ventilation, simple cleaning, breakfast preparation, and social networking services called C/S, we send pictures to my mom as we choose photos to post on Instagram around 8 p.m. It's about 3 p.m. when I'm drowsy for my mom. I ate a very sweet watermelon without seeds yesterday, and now I'm good at cooking, and I'm losing weight little by little and YouTube is doing very well. After sharing my daily routine unilaterally, I still get less recovery and get my spelling wrong. There are still many times when "I'm fine." I don't know if it's really okay this time, but I'm so grateful that my mom told me it's okay. Unknowingly, tears well up and when you send "I love you," your mom says "I love you," and our conversation ends at 3 p.m. every day.  

