---
title: restaurants, daily life, start-ups
subtitle : Story#202008241945
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - restaurants
 - daily life
 - start-ups
date : 2020-08-24T10:45:44+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1565611487608-281f9c0cafb0?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

When I go to a restaurant, I meet so many people. The people who speak here refer to customers who come to the store. Anyway, since a restaurant meets the owner as a guest in a space, I have no choice but to keep a close eye on them from the moment I open the store door until I leave. This is because there are many clues to look into through minor behavioral changes or a word. The clue is simply because it also provides customers with clues such as whether there is not a shortage of rice, whether the temperature of the store is right, and what our store needs to fix in the future.  

Most of the guests who come are very friendly and admire the things they might pass by lightly, such as a small tea cup set as an ornament or a hand-drawn menu. When I see people who admire the small elements of the store that even I, the owner of the store, have forgotten, I look back at myself changing the layout of the store from place to place with excitement.  

Among the various reactions of people, the thing that attracts my attention the most is probably about food. As it is a store that is about 10 pyeong long, you can see all the tables at a glance, and you can easily see the raw reactions after eating the food. Fortunately, most of them have positive reactions and some of them express their feelings directly to me. Using the time they stand between counters to pay after a meal, they offer words of praise shyly or very pleasantly. When I meet people who are willing to give compliments in such a short moment when the card slip makes a loud noise, a little awkwardness, I'm going to try harder to serve them delicious food, or when I'm in the customer's shoes, I'm going to deliver the favor I received to others.have the same mind as  

These friendly words that come across at unexpected moments not only wake me up but also think about the impact it has on me. I didn't know until I received how much relief I gained from their words and the power to move forward, because I was reluctant to give compliments to strangers or someone I've never seen before because I was ashamed or embarrassed. Now that I'm in the receiving position, I don't feel awkward or awkward at all. I just feel grateful to convey my sincerity in one or two words. What I have learned from many people I meet in the store is that comfort is enough for everyday words that are not unusual.  

'Thank you for the meal.' 'It was very delicious.'  

It is a small but beautiful daily life.  

