---
title: Chiang Mai,Market, Daily Life
subtitle : Story#202008241745
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Chiang Mai
 - Market
 - Daily Life
date : 2020-08-24T08:45:19+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1590725201466-23e658272500?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

He prepared early in the morning and left the hotel to go to the "rustic market," which is open only on weekends. Chiang Mai's early December dawn air was quite cold. It is a warm country, but there are four seasons here. Just in case, I didn't know that the thin cardigan I brought would be so useful. Anyway, I trudged along with the sound of birds and the sound of a motorbikes. After walking for about 30 minutes from the accommodation, I arrived at the market. It's nice to be able to walk around slowly in Chiang Mai. "No PLASTIC BAG" is the first sign I've seen in the Lustic Market. It was a market that did not use disposable products as much as possible, so I was more interested and happy.  

I arrived shortly after the market started, so I decided to look around slowly because I was preparing for the tent. The Lustic Market was bigger than I thought. Sections were divided into sections, ranging from handmade props to vintage props, food materials, and food items. One of the biggest reasons I visited Lustic was because of the handmade props, which ranged from cute fabrics to props made of materials such as wood and stone. I came here in the morning to take a short trip, and as I walked around, time flew by.  What can I buy? After thinking about it, I bought a handmade sleeveless shirt and a glass straw that I was impressed with at the juice house yesterday. (Now that I think about it, I'm afraid I could buy more straws.)  

What I felt after visiting the Lustic Market was that I envy the steady operation of markets that are available in everyday life, and I also think about why these markets can be consumed actively on a daily basis. Although there are occasional flea markets in the city center of Korea, it has also reminded us of the hope that daily environments that can use such markets rather than large discount stores can be created because they are still limited.  

Leaving his regret behind, he left his one-day accommodation and moved to a new one. The second accommodation was booked through Airbnb, but my friend has not yet departed from Chiang Mai Airport, so I decided to go to the accommodation first.  

This is a place where I chose it with half-doubt because I had few reviews about my accommodation (because I already chose a place that was run on a certain level of trust as a super host), and I was surprised that it was better than I thought. The advantage of Airbnb is, of course, an open room. It was a little uncomfortable that I couldn't get hot water even when I turned on the boiler, but... Every accommodation has its pros and cons. This is how you learn again. While we put down our luggage and wait at our accommodation, we will welcome our friend who just arrived by Grab and look back on today's schedule. It's an afternoon with strong sunsets, but it's not humid, so it's not that hot.  

I decided to go to Doisutep today, but originally I was going to ride Sungtaeu together in front of Chiang Mai University, but on my way, Sungtaeu's bargaining began. We've got our own crew. Well, I can't help it. It's a little expensive, but I'll keep riding this afternoon, so let's think positively. Since we cut the price by half, let's take it as a comfort. Then, he went up to Doisutep in a dedicated Sungtaewoo.  

On the way to Doisutep, a commemorative photo was taken at the observatory, but the fine dust spread over Chiang Mai as well. I heard that fine dust is serious, but it's really serious in real life. The stairs to Doisutep are incredibly high. While going up, I went up the stairs diligently, gulping down the fruit drinks I had bought beforehand. Doisutep covered with gold and jade. My eyes are dizzy with brilliant colors. It's not really gold, but I can't imagine how hard he was working on it. After looking around and sighed next to the napping dog, it went down in time to meet Uncle Sung Tae-woo. The next time I came to Doisutep, I thought I wanted to come without any time constraints, around sunset. 'Don't you want to go somewhere else?' he bargains, but we just decided to go to the Sunday market. Coming to Doisutep alone was a pretty big expense... (I thought I should borrow a motorcycle quickly and go as I please.)  

Sunday Market is open only on Sundays. Chiang Mai has a variety of marketplaces open on different days of the week. I spent the evening at a Sunday market like the night market. Such crowded places are more fun to bargain, buy, and watch together than to go alone. After wandering around, we visited a massage shop to get a massage once a day since we came to Thailand. The first place I visited was a lot of customers, so I made a reservation to come on another day and just went somewhere else that I could see. I received a foot massage, but I couldn't help but feel this cool even though I was tired while walking around. After getting a massage, we decided to go back to our accommodation.  

At the end of the day, 'Let's rent a motorcycle to get around freely.'Wrap up the day with a promise of your own.  

Chiang Mai, you can enjoy the relaxation as it is.  

