---
title: a baby, child, daily life
subtitle : Story#202008241254
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - a baby
 - child
 - daily life
date : 2020-08-24T03:54:12+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/flagged/photo-1577457798845-64f7aedf612a?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

6:30 a.m. The sound of a baby tossing and turning begins the day. When I open my eyes, I can see the baby rolling around alone on the crib that my husband and I use. The baby's morning is the loveliest.  

"Did you sleep well, baby?"  

When I said hello in a hoarse voice, the baby looked at me and said, "Yes." The amazing timing makes me laugh. The baby laughs without knowing anything.  

The six-month WonderWicks baby cried for three hours last night and stayed up for three hours. "I felt sleepy, so when I let him lie down, he cried bitterly, asking why I let him lie down." I don't know if other babies are like that, but during Wonderwick, there were alternately big reasons for the bokchae, although it was entirely frowned upon. There were days when I shouted out that I wouldn't eat baby food, days when I didn't fall asleep and cried in a stroller, days when I was afraid if my mom didn't see me, days when I didn't want to take a bath, and days when I couldn't sleep easily like yesterday. This is the 17th day of the six-month WonderWicks, which is the fifth stage of the leap.  

"Sniff, sniff.  

After a few minutes of procrastination, I put my nose on the baby's butt and smelled it, and it smelled bad. He must have pooped in the morning. Sitting in front of the baby with sleepy eyes and changing diapers, the smell of poop made me half awake. After changing diapers, get up mechanically and feed them with powdered milk. After getting a routine to eat four times a day, parenting has become more comfortable. After burping, he holds a toothbrush for me, so I play well. I looked into it to see if I had a tooth and it was not ready yet. My husband was ready to go to work while we were lying on the crib together, hoping to rest a little more. Sitting on the floor next to the crib together, we ate the sandwich that my husband bought yesterday for breakfast.  

7:30 a.m. My husband goes to work and I stretch his arms and legs to the baby. It makes me feel good to see the baby grinning for good. With a stone, I simply clean my room and lie on my bed and play with the baby up, and the baby vomits its swag around my neck without warning.  

'Ah...'  

Toe attack is one of the main culprits of losing child-rearing combat power along with poop attack. This is because after several attacks on the soil, the laundry grows exponentially. In the living room, give the baby a few roly poly toys, then put the laundry in the washing machine and sit next to the baby and start folding the laundry hung out yesterday.  As I fold the laundry, I can see quite a bit of dust on the floor. I think I'll have to turn the vacuum.  

'Wi ing-'  

Not long after turning the vacuum cleaner, the shoulders and arms begin to creak. 'I should have just pretended not to know about the dust.' I suddenly regret it. The baby began to whine, perhaps sleepy. When I hugged him, he asked me to drop him down, and when I put him down, he put his face on the floor and cried  

9 a.m. The baby took the first nap. I lay my baby on the baby bed gently and I close my eyes thinking I should sleep, and suddenly I hear a dog barking outside.  

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."  

Afraid the baby would wake up in a hurry and close the window, but it was a step late. The baby wriggles up. You look uncomfortable maybe because you just woke up. I think my dark circles have fallen about a centimeter in the past. The peace of the nap ended in half an hour.  

9:30 a.m. I go to the kitchen to make baby food. The baby sits at the stinger next to the kitchen. The baby keeps whining, bouncing about at the shoot. While I was making baby food, I said, "Yes, I'm done. I'm done." I'm really done~" in a row. Today's baby food is 'beef, sweet pumpkin, bok choy and watery porridge'... Yo.R.Mot does this amazing dish today. Take out the minced beef, steamed sweet pumpkin, and blanched bok choy and make baby food for 30 minutes.  

Perhaps because of the sweet taste of sweet pumpkin, the baby ate baby food with its baby bird-like mouth open. While waiting for a baby food spoon in front of the baby's mouth, when the baby opens his mouth to eat, he puts it in. The spoon, which was about to go into his mouth, keeps turning his head to the left and right and puts baby food on his face. Feed baby food for about 30 minutes and then add the missing amount of powdered milk. While cleaning up the mess around to feed, I think I should hang out the laundry I put in the washing machine in the morning. The second laundry (boiled laundry) should also be put in the washing machine. It's still morning, but I'm already exhausted.  

11 a.m. I feel like eating the bean-soup noodles sold in front of my house. It is my favorite food these days because it is cheap, delicious, and has a lot of portions, so once I eat it, I feel full until dinner. After thinking about whether to put the baby back to sleep, he decided to buy only bean-soup noodles and put the baby in the stroller. As I go down the elevator, I see my hair in the mirror. Tie your hair back and wear a mask to prevent coronavirus infection. The baby's mask is a rain cover on the stroller.  

I get as sensitive as I can during a 15-minute walk to a restaurant selling kongguksu with a stroller. Many people walk down the street without a mask today. The fruit store owner, who was always driving customers without wearing a mask, wore a mask only on one ear today. Every time I pass by such people, I close the rain cover of the stroller. While I was going to the restaurant, I was walking a couple of laps around the nearby park, and the baby fell asleep. Ah... For some reason, I have an ominous premonition that when I get home, I will wake up and not fall asleep again. Hang the packaged bean-soup noodles on the stroller and turn toward the house.  

At 12:30 p.m. I arrive home and gently lay the baby on the crib. I think I'm going to fall asleep or not. I'm not sure. First, go to the kitchen and eat kongguksu. Every time I put in a bite, I feel like I'm recharging my lost.  

"Paeng~"  

When I'm almost done eating, the amicole goes off. Hold the baby in one arm and finish eating, then clean up.  

My invisible war of nerves with the baby who was not sleeping and waiting to fall asleep continued until 2 p.m. I guess I don't want to take a nap today. In the meantime, I ground the pot of shit one more time and fed the powdered milk again. They give up putting them to sleep and play children's songs. The baby touches my face and plays and pulls my hair. It makes me feel good to see the baby laugh. When the baby is in good condition, he takes out the boiled laundry and hangs it out, and this time he plays with the baby for a long time in front of the baby room play area.  

At 4 p.m. The baby finally took a second nap. To prevent noise, I closed the window, turned on the air conditioner, and came out. Read the book 'Mom, I'm Growing' about Wonderwicks. It's been a while since I've read it. The more I study parenting, the more I seem to be lazy. I read a book for about 30 minutes and I can hear a baby crying. When I went to the room, the air conditioner was turned on, but the room was a little humid. A baby who falls asleep while sucking his fingers again after opening the window a little bit. Come out again and read the writings of the writers who subscribe to brunch. Brunch is good because unlike SNS, there are a lot of long-term postings. Bible manuscripts also take a page. In the middle, the baby woke up one more time and then fell asleep again.  

Five-thirty in the evening. Pull up the remaining stamina to bathe the baby. Whenever the baby moves his hands and feet, the water in the bathtub overflows to the floor. Apply lotion, clear the last breastfeeding, and start putting the baby to sleep. Rather than putting the baby to sleep, it feels like the baby is rolling around in bed until he or she falls asleep. As I lay my eyes closed and tried to get out of the room with a magpie's foot, my eyes met the baby who rolled around. Embarrassed, I tried a strange dance in front of the baby because I wanted to express that I wasn't going to leave, but the baby frowned if she didn't like it. Still, I feel like I'm going to fall asleep. Lie next to the crib and wait for the baby to fall asleep.  

7:30 p.m. Fortunately, the baby fell asleep on time today. I sit in the living room and write while waiting for my husband to come.  

Eight o'clock in the evening. My husband came home with three pairs of baby shoes in one hand and Jinro soju in the other. The baby shoes that I got from my boss are almost new and so cute. 'Someday the baby will walk in these shoes?' I can't imagine it yet. Grill pork belly and share a bottle of soju. The chatter at the table lasted until 10 p.m.  

It was a busy and hard day, but not much has passed. I feel like I haven't done much because parenting is not my job. It doesn't mean that parenting is not a mother's job, but that parenting is a baby's job. Eating, packing, sleeping, and doing baby work that can only be described as "crying" or "frowning" when it's cold, hot, bored or lazy, so I often don't know what I did all day. But as the baby is growing healthy, I think I was happy enough today because there is a night where I can tilt a soju glass with my husband.  

