---
title: daily life, regards, consolation
subtitle : Story#202008240052
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life
 - regards
 - consolation
date : 2020-08-23T15:52:57+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1546856321-58d180eb4616?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

With the prolonged Corona, not only the global economy, but also the individual situation, there's no one who can't help but suffer.  

In the meantime, I was curious about the writer's safety.  

A book published in April this year, good things will happen there.』  

This is the author of this book, Koo.  

In an interview with the article, the old writer...  

I've heard that you're suffering from deafness and retinopathy (a disease that causes blindness as the night grows narrower and narrower).  

Benny, the cute bunny representing the old writer himself, said,  

In the hope that you will listen to a lot of beautiful sounds on behalf of yourself who is deafness.  

He has big ears.  

on the cover of her first book, "Still Fine Day,"  

There's a copy that says, "I still have warm hands, even if I lose sound and light."  

Now that I see this phrase that I thought was touching at the time of its publication,  

I feel worried about someone's safety.  

I've seen a lot of articles and interviews about the voices of people from all walks of life since Corona.  

People who have lost their voices and lost their light. The story of people with limited physical abilities, both by birth and by nature.  

How long has it been dealt with?  

Kids these days have a normal memory of people wearing masks on the street and at day care centers.  

I've heard that people who don't wear masks are more unfamiliar.  

The daily inconveniences we feel to those who are socially disadvantaged,  

It's an opportunity to shake up your entire world, and it's a serious threat to your life.  

We can imagine even that based on what we saw and heard.  

You can't put yourself in that situation.  

So I talked to him first."Well, I'm deaf."I only said one thing, but the waiter nodded as if he understood right away.And smile, and put out your hands very willingly.Let's shake hands.......I shook hands with him.I was puzzled, but I didn't hate it.It's like, "What's wrong? There's no problem!If you go there, good things will happen.  

I just talked with my eyes and facial expressions.How would you feel about waiting for the surgery....you'd be scared.' So whenever I put in eye drops, I put a smile around my face.But I guess it worked!After the surgery, the patient who was dying came to me and slowly came up to me and said it out loud.Thank you.I won't forget that mouth shape. I'm deeply moved.If you go there, good things will happen. 125p』  

Writer Koo responds so cheerfully to difficult and painful things.  

"I have a lot of personalities, but I'm usually bright, talkative and goofy.  

Most of all, I like to laugh at others."  

_ Interview of an old writer 中 (Central Daily 2020.04.19)  

Nevertheless, I am still comforted by reading your writings and paintings.  

Good words and writings can be made up, but the warm gaze towards the world is itself.  

Because I think it's something that melts into writing and painting.  

To us and to me.  

Someone who gives comfort, hope, and warmth.  

I hope you don't lose hope because of the corona.  

At times like this, I listen to other people's stories rather than my discomfort.  

I hope you don't lose the warmth you can reach out to.  

