---
title: Daily life, picture diary, library
subtitle : Story#202008240535
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - picture diary
 - library
date : 2020-08-23T20:35:45+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1510056146280-cfea8f3d541d?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

the way to the library  

After a busy day of the week, people with leisurely faces sat on the bus Saturday, filling up their seats in sparse numbers. The round air-conditioner above your head sends out cool air.  

It's a little too much to cool down the heated bus on the road. Take a bus that shakes languidly and get off at the Galma Library stop. The scorching heat, the white sun, dried up the world and fell as if it was going to peck away. In the bus, the cold body gets damp and sticks to it. Within a few steps, you can feel the sweat running through your scalp. When I touch the back of my neck, I get warm water on my palm. Black sandals absorb sunlight and the shoes are burning hot. Looking down at the short shadow under his feet, would it be around 12 o'  

Enter the shade of a tree by the crosswalk to cross the street. Thanks to the strong sunlight, I stood under a tree with deep shade, and it was dazzlingly white outside the shade that I had just walked. On top of the tree, cicadas scream out loud and long as they feel sorry for their short life. The signal changes when I'm under a deafening scream. The farther away from the tree, the smaller the cicada sounds. Breathing up the low hill. It's hard to stand close to the wall, hoping to get a little in the shade. Passing through the lobby of the library into the lending room, he throws his tired body into an empty chair.  

Quiet readers, six-room wooden bookshelves neatly inserted into the bookshelf, the sound of turning over the bookshelf, the sound of air conditioning, small footsteps and occasional ballpointing fill the space. The noise and heat of cicadas disappear like lies, and reading rooms are a completely different world from the outside. In this cool, desolate space, I alone am heated like iron just taken out of the kiln, giving off heat and hot breaths. Close your eyes in the cool air conditioner wind and hold your breath and cool rapidly. And quickly assimilate into this tranquil world. Because of this gap between inside and outside, the library of summer is my favorite place.  

  
 

