---
title: Study, daily life, friend
subtitle : Story#202008241924
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Study
 - daily life
 - friend
date : 2020-08-24T10:24:03+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1497333558196-daaff02b56d0?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

After the unprecedented online start-up, our children now go to school only once a week, while the rest of the day they go online at home. Children and adults were confused by the first things they experienced in their lives, and there are still difficulties, but now they are somewhat adapted and are finding stability.  

However, studying alone by looking at the screen without interaction is not going to be enjoyable.  

But what the kid says with a tired face, he's been doing pretty well.  

"Mom, I feel lonely studying alone."  

That's right. That can't be fun.  

Maybe that's how my brother felt when he was studying with his mom.  

Since the grades are different, we can't sit down and study together.  Whenever the children ask for help, they move back and forth between them, but they seem to be staying longer with the young man who unintentionally sticks to his feet.  

an urgent prescription  

The child sat his favorite doll at the next desk. Wouldn't it make you feel better just by feeling that someone is next to you? Even a friend who keeps looking at the distant mountains with the same page open.  

"But it's better."  

When I saw the kid back in class, I felt sorry and sorry for him.  

"Right? He's a quiet friend without a word, so he won't disturb his studies."  

He gave the child a bad joke and laughed over it for no reason.  

However, the mind was still not at ease.  

