---
title: Share House, Daily Life, Party
subtitle : Story#202008242004
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Share House
 - Daily Life
 - Party
date : 2020-08-24T11:04:57+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1557822477-ec8d8bbbcd2a?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

The first time they filled the room was a friend of the same age who was preparing for the teacher certification exam and a brother of a vacation student studying art in Canada. On December 2, 2018, I wanted to remember the day when they came in at the same time for a long time, so I even designated it as the Wi-Fi password for the fairy's room. Whether it was always special at first or the density of the relationship was higher because there were only three people, they were very affectionate to me. Although I made a lot of noise, I was worried about whether my share house life would be okay, but they were better housemates than I expected.  

When you sit around a table and eat together or drink alcohol, you learn a lot about the other person. From a lot of love history in the past to family relationships and dreams in the future - we're already sharing more than best friends. I was so happy every day with good people that I thought it was a good thing to name the share house "The Fairy House."  

The two friends did not stay longer than expected. Although each of them had to leave the fairy tale due to their own circumstances, they still keep in touch and support each other from afar because the sincerity of the moment they were together does not go away. I was busy wiping my tears when I heard that I had finally passed the employment exam. Every day while we lived together, I was able to send sincere congratulations without a falsehood because I had seen how hard the friend worked and how desperate he was.  

The nymphs continued to be filled with good people and most left for good reasons such as getting a job or moving to a rented house. I couldn't hide my regret every time each person left, but I tried not to be sad. This place is just an opportunity for us to see each other, and the relationship can continue. Also, if one person leaves, another person comes in. What other wonderful stories will come in this time-it's always exciting to welcome a new person.  

In a similar vein, most share houses had a minimum contract period of six months, but the Fairy House set a three-month contract. Since there will be people who agree with each other longer anyway, I hoped that no one would have to live with a mind that can endure because of the contract. Three months is enough time to understand each other, so once you get used to it, you have to choose whether to live longer. On average, they lived for more than half a year, but sometimes even those three months felt unbearably long.  

I swear, none of the friends who came to the fairy's room were bad, but statistics show that when five people get together, one or two may not fit each other. Most of the friends who come to the share house are job seekers and beginners in society, so there are many younger brothers than me. As the oldest sister, I think this friend is very nice and that friend is very cute, but it's hard to know because whenever the two of them run into each other, Chae-Chaeng sparks. In that case, the more delicate and sensitive side eventually raised the white flag first. It's leaving the share house. If the two were just quarreling or if one side was unilaterally wrong, they would step up and mediate, but there was no way because people themselves were not compatible. However, human relationships are very difficult and fascinating to see a person who has been stressed out by his existence alone and becomes a pleasant and lovely friend to others.  

As a landlord, I stuck to the observer's point of view and tried to get along smoothly with everyone, but I also hurt someone. The reason was mainly alcohol. At that time, drinking parties were frequent due to personal matters, but he made a fuss enough to wake his roommate up, saying, "If you are drunk, you can come in and sleep well." Moreover, most of my deeds were not memorable.  

"Sister, can you come in quietly if you drink today? Last time, my sister slammed the door with the lights on, so I woke up early in the morning. Please do me a favor."  

It was not easy to fix even if I apologized and said, "Did I really do that?" Of course, he didn't do the same thing over and over again, but he somehow made a fuss in a different way. Once, I came in late at night and locked my latch tightly. I didn't wake up once and slept well, but the next day I looked at my cell phone and it was crazy. Turns out there was a friend who came in later than me. Because no one woke up that day, the friend ended up sleeping in a sauna near his house.  

The biggest incident was that Hodong left the house because I didn't close the door right away when I came in at dawn. You must have been out for at least half an hour. Realizing that I couldn't see Hodong until I washed up, I started scouring the whole house. Eventually, I woke up one by one and started looking for them together, but I thought they were sleeping in a corner, but they were really nowhere. Gradually I woke up and my blood cooled. Realizing the seriousness of the situation, I went out of the house, and fortunately, Hodong was found in front of the glass door at the front door of the building. Thank God it was a deserted dawn. I almost lost Hodong because of my mistake, so much guilt and shame poured in and hugged him for a long time.  

In the end, my first roommate, who suffered incessantly from my various drinking habits, left home earlier than scheduled. For the friend, this house would have been an evil one, not a good one. Naturally, the friend lost contact after he left. I can't undo my sins, but I'd like to say that I was really sorry to make the house that should be a comfortable nesting place a drinking party's den. Since then, she has been sober and has never been a nuisance to her friends. He has just learned the skill of walking on tiptoe, changing clothes under the flash of his cell phone, quietly entering the bed and lying down.  

After more than a year of operation, more than 10 friends have passed through the fairy tale and most of their relationships have continued steadily. I can't be too proud to see them continue to meet as precious friends they found in Seoul, which is unfamiliar to each other. reception, farewell party, movie appreciation, board game, Christmas party, birthday party... Under various pretexts, the fairy room still has a constant stream of talk.  

When I hear laughter filling the living room, I feel happy. When I see my friends lying on the floor and receiving Hodong's kukguk, I become happy again, and when I open the front door with a tired body, I see faces welcoming me with the smell of soybean paste stew.  

