---
title: Daily life, working mom, home
subtitle : Story#202008240144
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - working mom
 - home
date : 2020-08-23T16:44:24+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1546856321-58d180eb4616?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Again, again, again, it's his house.  

My house is very close to the company. It's been built so long that it's worn out, and the five families are so small that they can't have their own rooms. I have always been looking for a chance to move, but I continue to live on the grounds that it is difficult to get a loan and that it will be difficult for children to attend if they stay away from the company.  

But I got a call from downstairs saying that the water was leaking. It's already been four or five times. He must have been annoyed by the groom, who tried to deal with the situation at his own discretion. You said you hated this house, and you're mad at me.  

He said he couldn't go because he had to get his kid to come to the hospital. He asked if he was the one who was fixing the house.  

Can I move alone? Didn't we decide together? I'm bringing my child to work 365 days a year, so it doesn't seem like much, does it? If you're the house mending person, am I the one who takes care of the children, the one who brings them to school, and the one who cooks three meals a day? Is the problem with the old house, or am I the one who said I don't want to move out right now? What, is your wife the easiest one to take out?  

My mind is noisy. The words didn't come out well with each other, and the husband went into the cave.  

While my husband is in the cave, I have to continue my daily life anyway. It is also my job to feed three children, to respond to school calls, to clean up some distracting homes and do laundry, and to let the bored children get some air on the weekend. The other party is stuck in the room alone, saying he is angry, but I have no time to rest.  

I won't bend down first, but three days have passed since I left it alone because I thought it would get worse if I talked unorganized. Now I scream because my body is tired. My tongue is sore, my throat is itchy, and my eyelids are hot, so I guess I have a cold. I'm just trying to lead my daily life, but I'm so tired.  

Thinking about it over and over again, anger subsides and sorrow swarm. Can't you say you don't want to move? It's so hard to get a kid to come to school no matter if it rains or snows. (I've been going to work for 11 years and making my children come to school.) When my child grew up, I asked him to move, and I just couldn't because he was still in daycare.  

As soon as I woke up at 6 in the morning, I packed breakfast and lunch for my children. Slice fruits and put them in the refrigerator, heat them up, wake up children, crack down on homework since it's online study, take medicine, apply atopy lotion, and let the youngest go to the hospital feeling good. Then, when I go to work, I'm already exhausted, so I'm going to drink iced coffee like a medicine and start the second round. As soon as I get home from work, I eat dinner, clean up, dry the children's hair, it's time to sleep, and that's how my day goes.  

When you say this, the groom refutes. He goes to work because it takes 2 hours to commute to and from work. When I talk about my husband's commuting time, people are very sympathetic. Everyone knows how hard it is to travel two hours a day, but they say it must be hard for their husband. I know. That's why I'm in charge of most of all the housework and childcare.  

Somehow, not many people seem to sympathize with my day. Even her close husband doesn't seem to know. There is a deep sorrow in the heart. I've been struggling every day, and I'd like you to talk to me.  

My anger seemed to have subsided and I started talking again. The husband said he was sad that "the situation in which children should be admitted" came before any other reason. Looking back, I kept insisting that I had to walk my child to school because I couldn't drive, and that I had to be close to the company unconditionally, and "close to the company" was always the top priority when choosing a house.  

Perhaps other options were available, such as learning to drive, riding a bike, and so on.  

Maybe I'm too into 'the rigors of my daily life'  

Strangely, when we talk about each other's difficulties, we fight, and even if we're having a hard time, we gain strength when we pat each other. Who wouldn't be tired? Good work to each other. Good work, Mr. Misun. Good work hard, Miseon.  

