---
title: Daily life, outings, holidays
subtitle : Story#202008241227
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - outings
 - holidays
date : 2020-08-24T03:27:53+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1562938949-83c5d9d21f13?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

May is glad to have many red days, but it is also a month with many people to take care of. Even if you're going anywhere on a holiday, it's hard to satisfy both your children and parents, the main characters of May. Looking back on my childhood when I lived with my grandparents, every single one of my three generations was in a uproar when I tried to go out to eat. My younger brother and I said we would eat the children's menu (put flags on a plate shaped like a car), and my parents preferred gamjatang or steamed monkfish, which are cumbersome to cook at home, and my grandmother waved her hands, saying, "What are you wasting money on outside?" In the end, he spent time in a scuffle and ate out at a butcher's shop in front of his house by buying a chicken or a boiled chicken. It is difficult to go on a family outing. There is a generation gap between the three generations and the taste of each person, so no matter how family members are, it is easy to become one mind. At a time when both working and childcare mothers are barely able to endure the summer vacation. You can't just give up your outing by disagreement, or ruin a honey-like holiday that comes at the waist of a year with a one-sided schedule that comes at someone's expense! If you're tired of amusement parks and zoo courses. Also, if you are worried about an outing plan that will satisfy both adults and children. At the end of the spring, a short season, a picnic spot will be unveiled only in May. Yangpyeong Strawberry Festival – Feel the sweet joy of harvest  

Strawberries are the food that you have to wait a year after May. Strawberries are sweet and tender in texture, so they are widely loved regardless of age or sex. The downside is that it is relatively expensive. If you want to put up a last-minute spurt and eat a lot of strawberries, go to the Yangpyeong Strawberry Festival with your family. Strawberry experience events usually allow you to take as many as 500 grams of plastic containers as you can, listening to instructions on how to pick them. The best advantage is that you can eat as many strawberries as you want during the experience. Yangpyeong is a suburb of the Seoul metropolitan area, so it is easy to find the day. The difference from other festivals is that there are not event halls, but that they are held in conjunction with rural experience villages throughout Yangpyeong. This year's festival runs through May 31. If you visit the website of "Yangpyeong Rural Nadri" (http://www.ypnadri.com/)), you will find an introduction to the rural experience village where the strawberry festival is held, as well as a list of strawberry experience farmers. There is a schedule that includes lunch, and there is a schedule where you can only experience strawberries. After experiencing strawberries, you can visit a local restaurant in Yangpyeong for a meal. If grandpa and grandmother squat down together in the gutter to tell the children the joy of harvest, who only saw the beautifully trimmed and packaged vegetables and fruits at the mart, the memories of this day will be kept as a long-lasting memory on the side of May with the sweet taste of strawberries. Bonghwa Korean Gift Festival - Korean Gift Set instead of Snack Gift Set  

On Children's Day, instead of giving your child a snack gift set, it would be a good idea to go to the Bonghwa Korea Snack Festival, which is full of snacks all over the place. One of the specialties of Bonghwa-gun, Gyeongsangbuk-do is Korean traditional sweets. In Bonghwa's Chicken Room Village, traditional Korean sweets were used for ancestral rites and weddings for a long time ago. Bonghwa-gun has been holding a cookie festival for eight years since 2011, focusing on the experience of making Korean sweets for two days on Children's Day and the following day. The festival will feature a variety of snack experience programs, including making Korean sweets, fishing for snacks, baking cookies and making cookies, as well as performances such as Nanta and children's musicals. In addition to Korean snacks, visitors can enjoy a variety of snacks ranging from old-fashioned snacks to well-being snacks. It will be a fun opportunity for children who have not been able to eat snacks because of their mother's sense of humor and small deviations, and for adults, memories of their school days. Hapcheon Hwangmaesan Azalea – Where there is nature of fairytale-like scenery  

  

