---
title: essays, daily life, books
subtitle : Story#202008241016
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - essays
 - daily life
 - books
date : 2020-08-24T01:16:41+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1519682337058-a94d519337bc?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

"A small, personal memory, and a daily lengthening table.  

Collect Time"  

It is a short article that introduces blogs that record what they want to write whenever they have time. A place where someone who has passed the waves of search stays for a while, and sometimes no one comes in. Usually, it is also a quiet space where silence is maintained without sound. As the Corona, which ate into my daily life, prolonged my life at home with two children, I spent months missing even the "gap" of my beloved day. There are many days when people give up and give up even though they are not finished.  

It's very hard to face an empty sheet of paper every day and reach into the clouds and pull something out _ Truman Capote  

I just wrote down the podium that I occasionally hit on my cellphone's memo pad. As more and more people are unable to write a refined piece of writing properly, side effects have occurred along with impatience. Inside the stable fence of the family, the thick "responsible castle" that the mother should have should be stronger and more thorough than she thinks.  

There were days of nervousness and keenness at the pouring news of Corona. Still, humans are animals that adapt. The day has come when all the outdoor life that reveals, goes out and tries to move around becomes burdensome and unnaturally familiar with Zipcock life. The problem is that the less exposure you have to the outside world, the more areas you have to deal with at home, and the more roles you have to play. Soon a warning light began to light up inside the glass metal due to an overload.  

Above all, it is a solid and stable "in the house," but my inner world, which stays in the house, is all focused on the needs of my family, so it is difficult to find a "gap" to think or relax. Without knowing what it is, I am the only one who has the illusion of making an emergency landing where everything has stopped. The age of pandemics, whose end is unknown. What on earth is the humble feeling of becoming a useless old-fashioned bridge in-house?  

Mary Oliver's exact "nervous 40s"... ...when she encounters a phrase in the book that says the lethargy of the mind becomes the lethargy of the writing, she realizes. While I was trying to keep my precious daily life, I was lurking in my insufferable. The days of boredom and lethargy. That's why you didn't want to write anything or scribble.  

Only then did I start to see a crack in my eyes. How can the poet's language express my feelings at that time be so accurate? The limited movement that could not get out of the house and park would also play a part, and the rainy season, which felt that a handful of sunlight was so precious, was also bringing down the calming lethargy.  

in a book that touches one's hand  

borrow the writer's language to find a niche in daily life  

On a day when I feel worn out and shriveled, I don't hesitate to pick up a dark mint book. When the days are exhausting and heavy, and when you need a place to rest.  Mary Oliver's "Perfect Days" is a book that gave me a break in itself. When the child was young, he suffered from "single parenting" at home, and when he took a nap, he was always wearing it while taking a stroll to the park in a stroller.  

Unless it's home, if it's not in the corner of the room, it'll be fine if you just go outside and go out where the wind and the warmth are different. Even that is not as free as it used to be, and these days, I have to stay with homecock fairies. In this case, each person should have his or her own time.  The older one sits with Lego, the younger one with a bead puzzle, and I'm sitting on the edge of the table where the paper folds, toys and textbooks roll together, and barely opens up a mint-colored book.  

There's no pencil in the world that doesn't have the ability to start and move forward. First of all, it's best to use a lot.If the tone is wrong, nothing is right.The lethargy of the mind becomes the lethargy of the writing.Taeyang also has a work schedule. No snow, no birds, no green leaves. Shouldn't you be too?(...) More than anything, try it on. Sing, like blood runs through a blood vessel."Perfect Days" Gazami, 7 l Mary Oliver Lemma Walk (2013)  

The series of "Gazami" poems appeared in "Blue Ranch," "West Wind," and "Winter Times." A flounder is a small, spiny, and not very important but harmonious fish.  

_ P.125 Translated Footnotes)  

Let's borrow the author's language to say that the feeling of emptiness due to forced distance was the lethargy of the mind and the lethargy of the writing. While faithfully playing my role in protecting my precious daily life in the family, the inner world became smaller and shriveled as I lost touch with the outside world. The reality was gathering deeper and deeper inside to dream of expanding outward.  

Picture book meetings at the library, which regularly participated in, have been suspended for nearly half a year, and the reading mom activity, which reads books at the children's school every week, has also become completely impossible this year due to the delayed start of school and the ban on outsiders from the school. One day a week, given only 10 to 15 minutes. I miss the night when I was thinking and thinking about what kind of books to read to my children. Of course, the time when I hug my children at home and read them at bedtime is special and precious, but the short time when I meet my school friends who are busy in school and academy classes was like a welcome rain that matured me with sweat.  

Time to read aloud,  

Remembering each other's sweet and rainy days,  

I remember the person who reads the book and the person who listens to the story.  "The Notebook," about her husband Noah, who was reading a diary of his youth by his lost wife Ally, "The Lion in the Library" while the lion was listening to the book, and "Finding the Lost Time" with the voice of his mother sitting on the bedside for Marcelle, who couldn't sleep.In fact, reading was not far from everyday life. Picture book club seniors who smoothly digest the story of May and Gabu as well as voice actors, members who read books with their own voices, writers who understand their own repertoire by bringing up the meaning of each word as well as text of the book, and mothers who would have been reading books at school if it weren't for Corona. And our kids who read to each other when they're on good terms with each other.  

  

Gregor, a 20-year-old young man who lived with a book, rethinks how meaningful the value of "Reading Together" is these days when he craves meeting and communication more than ever while reading the novel "Gregoir and the Bookstore Grandpa," where he learns the joy, friendship and life of reading while meeting his grandfather, Pikier. In the process of choosing a book to read, making sounds to read to someone, talking and empathizing with the book, and making his own repertoire, his philosophy and know-how are as unique as his years of life.  

It's a pity that I couldn't meet the members of the picture book club, who had been selecting picture books with different personal tastes. Since it is not easy to make time to take care of young children yet, we will wait for the day when we meet without any worries like before, and now we will use it as a time to accumulate our own repertoire in our daily lives.  

Like A Fermata  

To be myself without any strings attached.  

Between the cracks in daily life, the work of engraving an ellipsis.  

Dorothy Allison said. They consider diaries a witness, repository, and playground. They start everything there and refine their thoughts clearly. At the same time, it is a virtual studio and my daily life is piled up silently in my own writing room in real life.  

  

I feel that I can exist as a free me from the "gender of responsibility" I should be with just the immersion that holds onto the moment for a long time. I want to embrace the scene of speaking quietly, even if it is a half-baked essay, with the eyes and gestures of a child only once, my age getting deeper, my parents' backside, the books and writings that I read, the childhood, and the people who stay by my side with my own eyes for a long time.  

