---
title: leave of absence, daily routine, office worker
subtitle : Story#202008240742
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - leave of absence
 - daily routine
 - office worker
date : 2020-08-23T22:42:26+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1510873660878-bdf8de0ed851?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

It doesn't seem like much, but it helps. (feat. Raymond Carver)  

These days, the things I do every day are the first things I tried after taking a leave of absence, and come to think of it, it was the things I could do while working at a company. For example, finding out the names of flowers planted in apartment complexes. I knew for a long time that Daum had a function to find the name of the flower when I took a picture of the flower, but it was only after I took a leave of absence that I started using it. Ignorant and indifferent to plants, I only knew what tulips, roses, and cherry blossom trees looked like, but I didn't know until now what royal azaleas and corvina had so many different colors.  

Come to think of it, I remember thinking that I was very envious of Park Seo-ryeon, a novelist who wrote the novel "Kang Ju-ryong." 'I was born in Cheorwon in 1989. In 2015, he became a rookie of the Year for his short story "The Mickey Mouse Club." I write a diary and a museum."At that time, I was curious about the word museum, so I searched it and it said, 'It is a book that comprehensively describes natural object phenomena such as animals, plants, minerals, geology, and weather.' That doesn't mean I started writing museums, but I decided to know the names of the plants around me every day.  

I often listen to classical music and write music notes. I listen to classical music because I've never been to a classical music concert, which is not distinguished from Mozart and Beethoven. Among the books released this year, there is a book that introduces one page of classical music a day, and the publisher of the book has collected the music on YouTube. Every day, they listen to music clips that are as short as four minutes and as long as eight minutes and take notes. Again, the memos are only about this level because they are the youngest kl-al-mot.  

June 1st. I want you. Je te beux by Erik Satie 1866 - 1925 Somehow familiar piano sounds. Listening to the explanation that composer Erik Satti made a cabaret song, I felt that it was a good BGM for love to sprout. "When I searched Naver's Knowledge Encyclopedia for the exact meaning of cabaret,"Cabaret: A simple-scale tavern that used to sell mainly wine. (medium) The distinction between Tavern and Cabaret was clear until around the seventeenth century. Cabaret later developed into a place where you can sit at a table and serve drinks and food, not just a place to have a drink," it said.  

On YouTube, he looks up videos of Cho Sung-jin, pianist Son Yeol-eum and violinist Han Soo-jin. One of the most popular videos of pianist Cho Sung-jin is Rachmaninov Piano Concerto No.2. I turned it on every day while reading a book and naturally got used to hearing it. After receiving a recommendation from a regular cafe owner that Khatia Buniatishvili was particularly good, Rachmaninov started listening to her performance in a red dress, which was also good. To be honest with you, however, I don't think we have reached the level of listening ability that can be compared to the performance of pianist Cho Sung-jin.  

These days, I'm hooked on pianist Son Yeol-eum because I just finished reading her own book, "Music Letter from Hanover." A genius pianist who writes like crazy. It's insanely cool.  

I've begun to watch "good" movies with the Marvel Worldview, Michael Basick blockbuster films, disaster films, and 10 million movies. Like "Amadeon" and "Deep Impact," the Earth is not on the verge of collapse due to a planet collision crisis, nor zombies rush faster than humans like "Train to Busan," nor does the whole universe expand to the stage like "The Avengers," but people who know the movie well see it as a good movie. For me, watching movies like Patterson, 2016 was a process of getting used to boredom. A film that deals with repetitive daily routines I practiced watching the movie on the living room TV without a smartphone. It was a practice to learn patience. (But after watching a movie, I looked up and read the movie's reviews in Brunch, and I got some really amazing insights - oh, that's what the scene meant - and it was more thrilling than the Earth's collapse or the intergalactic teleportation.)  

Oh, one last thing. (It's embarrassing, so I'll just say it like I'm going to pass at the end.) I wrote my first poem in my life a few days ago. Well, this is the first poem I wrote when I became an adult, except for the poem I wrote in a writing contest when I was in middle school. I can't believe I wrote a poem. This is something that no one cares about, but I think about it by myself and I'm excited by myself.  

As I said at the beginning, all of these were things that I had done enough while I was working at the company. Rather than things that I couldn't start because I didn't have enough time, it was things that I didn't think of trying because I couldn't afford to. But when I ask myself if working at a company was too hard to afford, I don't think so. It's just that the repetitive days of going to work and going home every day, resting on weekends, and traveling on vacations have become so familiar without my knowledge.  

Maybe I needed a lot of time and plenty of time without any plans like now. Corona has made it difficult to travel abroad during the summer vacation. I'd just like to recommend you to stay home and add a very small, trivial and insignificant habit to your daily life. The world outside the office is much wider and deeper than expected.  

