---
title: Records, Nutrition, Daily Life
subtitle : Story#202008241721
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Records
 - Nutrition
 - Daily Life
date : 2020-08-24T08:21:42+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1589490029712-4ed384b99802?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Records are similar to nutritional supplements. I don't feel its utility well when I eat it, but when I quit, I feel a little uncomfortable somewhere in my daily life. She buys nutritional supplements for tens of thousands of won and forgets to take them in order to stay healthy. Would it be different as a record? Do I have to write a little bit every day and forget that I have to record it before I know it, or do I need to record it this much every day? From the inside, a noise that interferes with the recording begins to be heard.  

Those who do not consistently take nutritional supplements do not feel the need because they do not feel the "utilization," while those who make mistakes because they do not record them or who have poor immunity because they do not take nutritional supplements no longer consider their use. Just do it.  

As I wrote a few lines of records, like a nutritional supplement that I take one pill a day, everyday materials that I record every day have been piled up. These materials gather and gather, sometimes they become articles that others sympathize with, and sometimes they are hints of life at a point where they are agonizing over. In this article, we briefly introduce what materials are collected through records in daily life:)  

1.a reading list in which books read gather  

The books I read in May are piling up. At first it wasn't this complicated. Did he only record the title of the book and the author's name? As I kept leaving the books I read, I began to wonder what kind of books I was reading, and the number of data recording whether I read a lot of paper books, e-books, usually purchased and read through subscription services increased one by one. These days, if I organize it with hot notes, I can put even the cover of the book in an image and organize it neatly, but I still record a list of books I read through a text-based WF because it is difficult to access the information I want very quickly. I wanted to know the genre of books I usually read, so I tagged them like #Fiction #Essay, but the information I wanted was not gathered properly because each online bookstore had a different way of sorting out the genres. So I'm not ready yet. If I think about it a little more, I think I'll expand the genre.  

2. 'One-line sentence' you want to do to me before the new moon begins  

Before the start of the new month, the WF calendar is leaving me a sentence that I want to do. I thought it would be okay to try it, so what I tried for the first time a few years ago has been a steady two to three years. Soon it will be June. What do you want to say to me in June? I guess what will make me feel tired next month. Sometimes you find a line in a book, or you get a hint from someone else's writing while reading in brunch. Even if this sentence seems to be nothing, I read it every day while recording it. If you see it often, you have no choice but to try to apply it.  

3. Insight from the Experience of Consumption  

I bought AirPods in January, and in March, I bought things3 app while buying iPad. Based on my usual lifestyle, both are luxury. There are many good earphones even if you don't have to use AirPods Pro, and you can manage what you need to use other tools without using things3. Nevertheless, I bought the two because I wanted to buy them. At times like this, I always leave my feelings in writing after buying it. It is a series of so-called "experience in buying." I left my experience of buying an AirPod program on Instagram, and I unintentionally opened it to several people around me who were worried about buying it. Things3 hasn't been used much yet, so we need to gather more experience. When I have some experience, I try to leave a review in brunch. These two things that I thought were luxury fit me perfectly. Sometimes luxury helps life. Let's shout out loud in times like this.  

No matter how busy you are during the month of June, we're recruiting people who will continue to write records through our workflow (#abaseous) every day! Collect daily materials one by one as you record them every day by day.  



