---
title: Study, Habit, Daily Life
subtitle : Story#202008241340
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Study
 - Habit
 - Daily Life
date : 2020-08-24T04:40:35+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1446933810843-52d1ae9be86b?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Study, I love you so much  

Study, I love you. I write a letter to you.  

Studying, though I may love you, you're not special. It's not as great as it takes extraordinary powers.  

Of course, if you have the skills of reading in terms of method, it will be very helpful to study and understand you.  

There are things you feel and know when you teach. There is a distinction between a good student and a bad student. Friends with poor school records are characterized by a long warm-up time before studying. The person watching is long enough to get angry. Rather than go straight into studying, I make grand plans first. It also takes a long time to draw up a timetable. He puts all his energy into drawing up a plan like making pottery. There is no father-in-law.  

Ye-ji, who is also innocent today, overconfident in her ability to learn, has made plans that are beyond her means. It was simply not a timetable that Yeji could keep.  

YEJI! You should have found and decided on the fixed time and the time you could spare. I think it's too tight.  

Yeji, when you make plans, you should plan what you can, not what you want to do.  

Ye-ji, who was listening, says with a slight look.  

Don't worry, teacher. I can do everything well. What do you think I am? I can do it.  

raise one's head with a straight face  

Oh man, I shouldn't just study today. If you squeeze it too much, it won't last. That's why I'm saying it.  

We decided to watch him with half-hearted confidence when he said he could do well. Sure enough. After a while, I started packing my bag one by one. I looked at him with a strange look, and he spoke with shame.  

I must have put all my energy into making the best timetable. I'm a little tired today, Ho Ho Ho Ho. We can follow the plan from tomorrow. I'll do it from tomorrow. It's real.  

I looked at him in a fit of anger.  

You're living your life too tight life. You shouldn't live like that. There's tomorrow and the day after tomorrow. "Don't let life go."  

Contrary to the prediction, Hye-won, who majored in genetic engineering and has a dream of becoming a professor, has a different study habit. When you come, you write two or three things to study today on Post-it and start studying right away. No matter what anyone says, they just study without saying anything. I wonder if she would have had friends with light butts in the study room where Hye-won studies. On the other hand, those with modest grades touch their phones first when they come, and manage their schedules like celebrities. After spending some time searching and texting with a smartphone, I finally pull out a book. He doesn't study right away, but his desk is messy. He cleans up his desk, goes out for water, and goes to the bathroom, and blows it away for several decades. It literally has a long warm-up time is long.  

The reason why the two children are so different is because they don't have study habits. Studying is not just about knowing how to study or knowledge by theory, but about practicing to shine. You can't do well just by knowing it in your head. Habits should stick to the body.  

Studying, dieting, and dating are theoretically well known, but in reality they are different. Even if you plan and make up your mind, it's no use if you don't act. Just knowing makes no difference. To do, to do, is the only power.  

The days when knowledge was a force passed by in the evening. Doing is the only thing that gives me strength and that's the only thing that saves me.  

It's no use if you don't do it. You should have a habit of making people act unconsciously.  

Repeat until you try not to try.  

Wendy Wood, author of "Habit," an icon of habit, says. If a habit, which is an unconscious self, is to be embodied, we must "until we no longer decide to do so."  

  

Part 2 of "Habit" discusses five rules of habit design about how habits take root in everyday life.  

Habits Design Law 1: Rearrange the situation around meLaw 2: Place friction in the right placeLaw 3: Find your own signalsHabits Design Law 4: Connect actions and rewards closely until magic begins Repeat until magic begins  

Near Miss "I almost got it!"  

  

  

The game-making strategy, called 'gayimizationGamification', is based on the uncertainty of these rewards. Many video games systematize uncertain rewards and capture players. Addiction is one of the various faces of habit.      - "Habit," page 208.  

Uncertain compensation will inevitably have a greater impact on the formation of habits than predictable compensation. This is why they spend a lot of time searching for information about intermittent nature. Ironically, our brains react much more sensitively to uncertainties that may be entangled at any time.  

Without knowing, magic begins quietly. So you have to believe that some day magic will happen. Until that happens, 'minimum effort' is needed. Until habits are established in our neural networks and memory systems, new behaviors must be deliberately repeated over and over again. Then at some point, the repetition is to create a habit and become our second nature - "Habit," page 214.  

The hopeful thing about reading this book is that you don't push and force. Believing in the possibility that good habits can be formed through repetition, it is true that new actions should be practiced steadily, but it was reassuring not to call it the only answer. (Maybe this is why we still can't get away from late-night snacks and Netflix.)  

"Leave some of your conscious life to a habit created by repetition, and the margin gained so fondly tells you to put it into something really important and meaningful." Ah~ Professor Wendy Wood must have a warm personality.  

The habit was discovered earlier by Samuel Smiles, author of the book "Self-help Theory," saying, "It's like a letter carved on the bark of a tree, so it expands as the tree grows."  

Bad habits, bad habits, good habits, good habits, will expand over time.  

As John Dryden said, "When we make a habit, that habit makes us." This fact should be kept in mind and in mind.  

That is the only thing that will give you strength, the hatchet that takes you step by step without pushing you.  

