---
title: Daily life, reading, publishing
subtitle : Story#202008241208
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - reading
 - publishing
date : 2020-08-24T03:08:30+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1514193744289-beca85c1c604?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Writing is one thing, making a book, and selling a book is another.  

When I was only a writer, I felt it was very difficult to write. One day, when I started a publishing company, I found it as hard as making a book. And, in my sixth year of publishing, selling books now... ᅲᅲᅲ  

Among them, the hardest peak is the most difficult period right before the new book comes out. This is because overnight work is basic until the new book is released, and if there is an accident in printing or binding, you have to run from warehouse to print shop. This time, there were big and small things, but the book came out safely despite the long rainy season.  

I opened up what I had prepared and started blogging, SNS, and book review, and suddenly I had a disc in my waist. This is the sign of heaven... So I lay down for almost a week and slept a lot. I thought I was charging it again. After almost a week of lying down, I felt a little better. It was worth giving so much energy to physical therapy with drugs that are good for the body.  

Yesterday, I went out to eat jjukumi formal meal with my children after a long time. The first and I like webfoot octopus and the youngest likes nurungji, which is eaten by pouring warm water into a stone pot rice. As I ran around the park after eating delicious food with my lovely children, my happiness came up. It was hot because it was summer, but the children love it. So I like it, too.  

I pour out my energy like that and look at my book with a glass of beer in the evening.  

Listening to jazz that I was into when I was in school, I am happy when I read a book with a glass of beer. Come to think of it, I chose the things I like! I enjoy writing and making books and listening to music that I loved so much. I like the president of a publishing company who does such a favorite job!  

