---
title: Writing, Daily Life
subtitle : Story#202008241906
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Writing
 - Daily Life
date : 2020-08-24T10:06:06+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1457369804613-52c61a468e7d?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

6 a.m.  

My husband, who is three years older than me, wakes up faster and faster.  After eating breakfast together with rubbing sleepy eyes, I washed the dishes and there were days when it was 6 o'clock.  Anyway, our couple's wake-up time is around 6:30.  

7 o'clock  

Greet her husband gently at the door on his way to work.  I used to drive my son and husband.  Having claimed to be a chauffeur for more than 20 years, driving is worth it.  My husband leaves home early to avoid the rush hour on the subway.  Have a safe trip~ Hug each other with camaraderie.  

8 o'clock  

Wash the dishes, wipe the floors with a rolling pin, and clean the house.  Usually at this time I did something regularly.  By translating little by little, he increased his authority and worked out to succeed in dieting.  He is not even a translator, and is now more likely to fall into bed because of yo-yo and menopause.  I'll make good use of this golden morning again!! Seriously!!  

Nine O'clock  

I'm going to set up a camp for my 16-year-old grandmother's puppy.  My son, who became a decent translator instead of me, doesn't eat breakfast because he works all night long.  When you get up, you can find it. I'll get ready and leave.  

11 o'clock  

Brunch gracefully in a corner of a favorite cafe.  Brunch Raeya Blueberry Bagel and a cup of hot Americano.  It's the best time to read or write.  

1 p.m.  

Time to report to the center.  On the morning of the class, there are no books in brunch, but there are times like this for the time being, so it's tiring.  

2:00  

I take an hour bus to work at the center.  My preferred seat is the last one... When I listen to music with earphones in my ears and watch the scenery outside the car window, I fall asleep.  As long as you don't drool...  

4 a.m.  

After giving hands-on guidance to the trainee who is already at work, I organize the documents and prepare for my class.  I used to draw pictures in front of the table easel, but now I often have them in front of my laptop.  

5:00  

I usually eat dinner with the head teacher for an early dinner time.  Since I met my son as a parent in the first grade of elementary school and have been together for nearly 20 years, it is not an ordinary relationship.  Although he is six years younger than me, it is also a time when the principal and art teacher give up their titles and become close friends.  

six o'clock  

The class begins with a student.  The new course started in April, and after the introductory course, the process of drawing students has finally begun.  They come to work with their mother, Byung-ho, who is suffering from cancer, but they don't expect their painting skills to improve with one class a week.  In the meantime, my mother passed away.  I'm also grateful that he's satisfied with the mere fact that he's painting.  

7 o'clock  

All-day class trainees left work and night class trainees came.  In the meantime, the teacher who lives far away also left the office.  Inform the trainees about their work and proceed with the remaining classes.  

8 o'clock  

After the class, the students left and I was the only trainee and myself left in the center.  I'll keep it until 9 o'clock, and then I'll be leaving the office in a hurry.  

ten o'clock  

This time, it took more than an hour to come home.  It took longer to transfer to the village bus in the middle, but it couldn't be better when I got off in front of my house.  My family welcomes me...  

It is the busiest Thursday scenery of the week.  It's not a difficult day because there is a certain pattern of going to work every other day.  I'm a little afraid of September when more trainees will come, but I'm looking forward to it because it's a kind of excitement.  Let's look back enough time for me...  

