---
title: Thinking, Picture Diary, Daily Life
subtitle : Story#202008240848
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Thinking
 - Picture Diary
 - Daily Life
date : 2020-08-23T23:48:59+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1589483232280-128d0e9f7641?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

My values are at some point a horizontal and cyclical Oriental outlook.  

If the rich can be poor and the poor can be rich, I think the two are the same.  

Because the status quo is different, and in terms of possibility, both are possible...  

So I tend not to look up to or treat anyone.  

Since the child will become an old man and the old man has been a child, the two feel the same.  

The child was me, the old man was me. I feel like I'm in the extension of the horizontal.  

I don't feel up and down vertically. only  

I respect them as if I respect myself because I think they are (a child = me = an old man).  

So, no matter who I meet, my personality or attitude changes.  

It's not much different when dealing with children or adults.  

There are many things to learn from the similarities between the two directions that I don't know, so I have a lot to learn.  

It is the same when dealing with the chairman or a part-timer. There is no tension that comes from the pressure of not knowing them.  

I don't think much about success and failure. Success is in good shape. Failure is in bad condition.  

If things go well, it is interpreted as being in a better condition, and if things don't go well, they are getting worse.  

The vertical world view of failure of success, men's women, good and evil is a universal world, so one should not live in such a way. It's hard to live like you. It's a disadvantage. I hear a lot of people say, but I think if it's hard to live, if it's hard to live, if it's disadvantageous, you can live at a disadvantage.  

Because the already formed world is always the past.  

Is it necessary for me, who lives in the present, to live in the future, to meet the values of the past?  

