---
title: daily life, corona
subtitle : Story#202008240127
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life
 - corona
date : 2020-08-23T16:27:26+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1516344924698-57bb260abd96?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I'm relatively lucky in this Corona19. In the midst of the unemployment crisis, we got a new job, and when new students at various levels of schools are struggling because they can't go to school, our "small person" is going to daycare centers every day with the implementation of "emergency childcare." Most of all, the thing to be thankful for is that there has been no news of a confirmed case among family members, relatives and acquaintances.  

I don't know if it's because of Corona 19, but it's a relief that the fine dust issue has not been highlighted this year. My daughter suffers from allergic rhinitis when fine dust is high, but she has never suffered from rhinitis this year. I didn't catch a cold because all the children, including my daughter, washed their hands hard. Since Corona 19, I have been extremely reluctant to use indoor multi-use facilities, but I have no reason to complain about it because I prefer to go to open-air spaces.  

The new company has fewer employees and rare overall dinners. I don't know if it's because of the company's characteristics or the social atmosphere of refraining from meetings after Corona 19, but the frequency of drinking has definitely decreased. As a member of the child's House of Representatives, I can't talk to anyone about drinking in the evening first, but I certainly have less to drink. He also started exercising anew. The house I moved into was an old apartment, so I started taking tennis lessons once a week because there was a tennis court in the complex.  

Since Corona 19, the number of stay in indoor multi-use facilities has decreased sharply. It also means that the number of places to go with children has decreased significantly. Most of all, it is a pity that the library where I went to see picture books with my child is closed. Seoul Grand Park Zoo also closed all indoor exhibition facilities. It is a bit of a pity that all-weather facilities, such as the National Science Museum, the Museum of Modern Art, and the Aquarium, where visitors can enjoy themselves regardless of season and weather, have disappeared from the options. When you buy things you need at large discount stores, you get out of the market right away, and you're not as busy as you used to be.  

One of the biggest changes since Corona 19 is that there has been less traffic with parents. In the past, there were many gatherings on the birthdays of extended family members or on various anniversaries, but after Corona 19, the number decreased.  Because my mother and grandmother are very worried about Corona 19. I skipped my mother's birthday in April and my father's birthday party in July. Since January, all three sons and sisters have moved in, but due to their mother's dissuasion, they have not yet had a housewarming party.  

Until the summer, it was not uncomfortable to wear a mask at all. I don't wear a mask often outside. This is because I believe in Jeong Eun-kyung's teaching that wearing a mask is unnecessary in an open outdoor space where proper distance is maintained. I've come to the conclusion that the chances of being infected with Corona 19 outside are very low, even if I think about it with my head, but do not keep in close contact with others.  

However, as spring comes, summer comes, and the rainy season reaches, the wearing of masks sometimes feels painful. Wearing a mask during the rainy season is a challenge for me, who is particularly vulnerable to heat and humidity, as hot and humid weather can hardly escape from outside the body. However, people always wear masks when using public transportation or when entering indoor facilities. Because I believe it's protecting me and others, and it's protecting my child.  

  

If someone comes and asks me how my life has changed before and after Corona 19, my answer would be like this. I've always had to go with the mask, less buzzing, and more tension. But I didn't feel suffocated and suffocated.  

There is an idea that comes across a long tunnel called Corona19. I feel like the earth is telling me to live a life that I can save. After Corona 19 passed, daily life must have changed. I hope that will be a good thing for all of us.  

