---
title: Social distance campaign, travel, daily life, overseas
subtitle : Story#202008241419
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Social distance campaign
 - travel
 - daily life
 - overseas
date : 2020-08-24T05:19:45+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1584582868981-38dbd5d1a86e?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

The weather is so nice these days, but I want to travel here and there, travel abroad, and I want to go to a good place for my summer vacation soon, but I feel sorry that I can't go anywhere, I worry a lot and talk a lot. I think I always went abroad around this time of the year, but my goal this year is not to travel abroad and to spend my daily life like a trip. How can I spend my daily life like a trip? First of all, I have to start realizing the importance of where I am. Spring has come and flowers have bloomed. There is a small mountain Dulegil near my house, and until now, I had been busy walking with my dog every morning. These days, I have begun to enjoy the brilliant leisure I can get at this moment, looking closely at the smell of grass in the mountains, the harmony between grass and trees and the morning sun, the wonder of sunrise, the newly growing shoots, one by one.  

I've been to so many tourist destinations, but I've come across a tremendous discovery: "What a beautiful and wonderful landscape you've already been with me!' I always have a lot of luggage. Notebook, book, notebook, diary, tumbler, etc.. I have a lot of luggage, so I carry a small carrier around. People seem to be wary of the current situation, but they feel like they are traveling, and their shoulders are comfortable. When I walk in the beautiful sunshine while listening to music gently on my way to work, I feel like I'm a stranger.  

These days, I look around slowly. There are landscaping between the beautiful buildings in the city center. No matter what buildings you design, landscape design is absolutely essential in the design project. Therefore, if you look closely at the Hanpokpan in Jongno like me, there are many beautiful landscaping. These days, people put extra effort into installing landscaping facilities because they think landscape is especially important. I didn't know anything before. There are times when there were many complaints about not being able to be with nature in the city center. "I want to live in nature" and "I want to work in a place with a more beautiful scenery" deny this moment. However, all the conditions were in place right here. Beautiful nature, flowers, and grasses were growing in the city center. Cheonggyecheon Stream is close by, and trees, grass, and flowers are breathing in the landscaping facilities between the buildings. It's just that I haven't noticed.  

It's like drinking coffee in the woods! This is a Starbucks in Jongno. I start a fresh day with the feeling of coming on a trip and working as a digital norm and reading books. Before going to work, I drank coffee, read books, and did many things on my laptop. When you say, "The world is a beggar, what a good thing to say," my world is truly a beggar. "Even at this moment, there will be plenty of opportunities and tremendous things will happen." My world is filled with tremendous things. The world will be full of rich fruits that live and breathe, according to my view of life.  

The signs on the wall, the boxes full of the handcarts, struggling early in the morning. From a traveler's perspective, I think it could be a very interesting sight. In general, you might think that you make a lot of money by picking up boxes, but from the perspective of a traveler from another country, you're saying, "There are boxes piled up. Where are you going to sell the paper? Is he the one who cleans up the papers? Wow, that's amazing! You stacked the boxes as well as Tetris. Will it be too heavy?Wouldn't you be able to think about a variety of things like '  

I have never filmed a fire hydrant while living in Korea. I took a picture of a fire hydrant for the first time. It's a traveler's eye. Was the fire hydrant so pretty? It's as if a person's arms are spread out, and the gold and Hangul on both sides are so pretty. It does feel vintage, but how do I use it? It's amazing that these facilities are in the alley of the neighborhood.  

I've always been to Starbucks, but I'm often trying to go to different cafes. Stylish interior, the ticklish music of the store, and the delicious cafe latte. The warm scent and sweetness that you can feel with your whole body when you drink a sip of coffee! In a different atmosphere, I can read books well and organize my diary well. It feels like I'm enjoying my time alone after finding a cafe overseas. The natural sights we see every day will be different, pretty and beautiful from the traveler's perspective.  

This is my favorite place to go for a walk in the morning. The sound of birds, the sound of the wind, the falling cherry blossoms. Crazy grateful and phenomenal. It is the beginning of a day full of gratitude. The best place to blend with the sky and the various branches that follow. It feels like I'm visiting here every day to see such a place always in the neighborhood. There are plenty of places in the city where you can enjoy your leisure time with nature. I just didn't find it. Everything is already by my side. If you have time to discover a part of your precious life one by one every day, you will be filled with grateful things.  

People are buried in their daily lives before they realize the importance of their daily lives. I'm just floundering in the situation. Why don't you look all the way from very close to very far, from zoom in to zoom out? When zooming in, each of them is precious and pretty. Everything around me is grateful and throbbing. I can see my condition when I zoom out. I observe what kind of thinking and what kind of work my existence is doing in what environment. If you don't wrestle for happiness, but just decorate every single cut of your life beautifully, you will be able to live with all those moments, the whole life, feeling like you're on a picnic. Let's look back, and change our minds! Life is to be made from my point of view.  

