---
title: Condiments Mom, Daily Life, Happiness
subtitle : Story#202008241542
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Condiments Mom
 - Daily Life
 - Happiness
date : 2020-08-24T06:42:40+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1584977382228-3ba22eca2e52?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Mother, Audrey's daily conquest period  

Her mother, Audrey Brunch, is one of the examples of how she can live a repetitive and boring life over the Internet.  

In the summer of 2020, I began my career as a brunch writer.  

The stuffy reality of everyday life with people who like books...Emotional loneliness...I wanted to find out how people who were intimidated by worries and fears could get through their daily lives well. I wanted to share my knowledge and experiences in life, such as what I have learned, work, relationships, and mindfulness. I wanted to share ideas and feelings, daily behavioral design (design of everyday behavior), and ways to inspire a sense of challenge.  

"Look at the world with a child's eyes!"  

When you become an adult and your head gets complicated, all kinds of worries and fears make you less and less curious about the world. When that happens, asking yourself questions and observing a curious child helps you gain new impetus.  

It is important to maintain curiosity and create more behavioral options to do something with someone in life. It's important to take action! Don't just think about it!  

I'm a dream yellow butterfly. a book teacher Flying up and down and doing the job of giving hope to flowers and young trees.  It's never easy to dream and act. The more difficult it is, the more grateful and satisfied it is. Hard effort great joy!  

My motto is 'Lighten up! Relax! Enjoy!' Among these, "joyfully," the largest and longest-lasting desire I have.  

But the first two 'lightly, comfortably' are life's irony to me.  

Why? Because I'm a person with a lot of thoughts, so I'm never light. I know my weaknesses well. Instead, they write to make up for their weaknesses. To make light of by emptying your mind! So what does another irony, "easy" mean to me?  

I'm a designer. She has worked as a designer for children's clothing for more than 20 years. I hate repetitive and boring things and like being creative. I hate complacency. So I boldly take off my familiarity, comfort, and try to improve my discomfort.  Why are you so desperate? The reason is simple. In return, the body is rather tired, but peace and comfort of mind can be obtained.  

"My river-like peace is overflowing with my river-like peace."  

Yes! Happiness just doesn't get. He begged me to come to him. Solve the problem on your own...Trying ...Acted jida olji you don't.  

I enjoy this irony of life. People who try hard to change their daily lives... The stories of people who believe in the power of dreams and challenges remain unknowingly. Open my heart and I'm oohooh! You're aah! The world becomes a beautiful song, a harmony," said Bohemian Rhapsody, a film by legendary rock group Queen.  

My name is Eunah Lee and my initials are OOO. So, oh, oh! Ahada! It's the nickname that the children in the care class gave me during the recent elementary school book play class. I like it. I can feel the power of communication. Anyway, I like it.  

"Hello! I'm Oooh! Ah! It's Lee Eun-ah!"  

I'm a warm Audrey Storyteller, a condiment.  

I am taking a step forward for the task of communicating with ordinary people and touching their hearts.  

With beautiful music and delicious stories, I will be with the people of the world when I am happy or sad in the brunch space.  

I love music. It's a life song. It's a DJ-  

Now, what song do you want to listen to today?  

Who do you want to hear with? Do you have any beautiful memories?  

My recommended life song is the OST of the movie "To You, To Me, To Me," which is a song of scenery riding a group bike.  

What do you think? Would you like to turn off the TV and listen to it together?  

'For you, I am like the sunset(...)  

