---
title: I am also a writer, thinking, daily life, future.
subtitle : Story#202008241313
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - I am also a writer
 - thinking
 - daily life
 - future.
date : 2020-08-24T04:13:53+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1587282912104-4e55050e250b?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

"There's no lotto in your life."  

The shaman, dressed in loud clothes, said without even looking at me, when she was asked to go to see the fortune teller. I didn't even ask for Lotto, but I just said, "I don't have any money." The sentence itself bothered me because I had never thought about living a life that wasn't long and wanted to eat something with a ball. Why would you mention luck that you've never wished me luck. I just wanted to know if I could make enough money to live and be satisfied with my life.  

The first credence I saw wasn't very satisfactory. I thought you were going to throw something through me with a sharp look at you as soon as you got in, but you didn't have a sentence that touched you more than the literature picking up a lonely night. The last sentence that I shouted at the end was stuck in my head, as if I didn't like him. If you don't try, you'll live the same way you do now.  

I don't know if I know that going to the fortune-telling means that I want to know the future or that I want to live a better life than now, or because I know that my ideal is not my daily life. Wasn't everyone dreaming of a lottery, most of them dreaming of the next chapter of a better life, usually shouting #Lee Saeng-mang? Three minutes ago, someone who hesitated to be the most envious of shamanists said, "Your life will be the same as it is now." "I don't know what to say. I'll try. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it." Surprisingly, it takes a lot of effort in some ways to live the same life as it is now.  

When he always said he wanted something better, some said he was tired and some said he was full. It is also true that at some point, after realizing that something better needs to be done, I was afraid of what I dared to hope. So I wanted to know more. To make a more effective effort, what should be focused on for that choice and concentration? So what kind of positive future can I see? The reason I wanted to go to graduate school was not because I wanted to go to Harvard, but just because I was curious about the depth of my studies that went deeper. The reason why I asked her if she was getting married was because she wanted answers about who she was, rather than how old she was and how old she was. You know what? Look at your co-worker. Something like that.  

So all those divination signs that it would be okay to try were displeased and uncomfortable even at later drinking sessions. Isn't it all so relative? I wanted to ask if Harvard was the only good place for someone who kept saying, "My alma mater is not such a good place." I wanted to ask him to always have contraception, which person can't get pregnant without being careful. Trying to dig into the part of the sneeze with really hurtful words, he tried to release bean powder, citing the good family atmosphere these days. I almost grabbed my brother by the collar when I was listening to him.  

A book review that I wrote during the night is uncomfortable because it seems like the fortune tellers that I went to see for fun and that I could end up with for fun came out with only admonitions that I was lucky but didn't have to listen to. I wouldn't have grumbled this much if I'd just told my friend a number of years, like I did about his future, but I guess I was too big for you. There's nothing more hopeful than an open future. What can I do? Sure. I'll try.  

