---
title: India, Daily Life, Overseas Travel
subtitle : Story#202008240718
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - India
 - Daily Life
 - Overseas Travel
date : 2020-08-23T22:18:24+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1551599899-40a84d79b1eb?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

It is my daily life these days.  

I wake up at about 7 a.m. with a bird's noise.  

There are so many bird noises I've never heard before here.  

There are birds that cry very low, and there are many children who cry on the beat.  

(It may sound romantic at first glance, but the birds here don't cry, they bark. It can't help but happen.  

Sometimes I hear lizards crying.  

The one we saw for the first time is still in our house.  

They could have come in, but the way out seems hard to find.  

When I wake up at seven, I think about whether to get up and go for a walk or not.  

Mostly I don't go and hang in there. I don't wake up. I keep lying down.  

I think the sky is pretty, and will it rain today? in the course of doing  

Time flies and the children get up at 8 o'clock.  

Still, he rolls around for a while again. I roll around and get another good night'  

After 8:30, children say they are hungry.  

I get up slowly with my husband and prepare breakfast.  

It's breakfast, bread from Gheha, cornflakes, and some fruit.  

It's okay to just eat it like this.  

Why did I have to eat like that in Korea?  

Alice has an English class at 10:30.  

There's no progress, there's no progress.  

'Cause I can't pronounce 'short I' and I can't do it.  

Soon it will be twelve o'clock.  

Alice never gives up. I started to twist the pronunciation of A and E.  

Every time I get pointed out and hear the word homework!  

At this rate, it's almost like a dream.  

(I think I'll be writing about Alice one day.)  

I come back to Geha after class around 12.  

And four of us seriously think about where to eat, spread out the map.  

Of all the restaurants in Oroville, we do have our favorite.  

Still, it is similar to office workers to think about where to eat lunch every time.  

Today I ate Indian food at Neem Tree.  

I'm not used to Indian food yet, so I eat pancakes and omelets together.  

I ordered a salad, and the raw vegetables came out to my stomach.  

There are also many menus without any carbohydrates.  

I don't know how Westerners can survive eating these things.  

Koreans definitely have rice!  

It's too hot after lunch.  

Eating lunch far away makes me sweaty on the way back to Geha.  

I sometimes shop on my way back.  

And then I thought I'd come out when it's cool. I regret but I keep shopping at that time.  

Buy what you need, buy lots of fruit. Fruits and vegetables are really cheap.  

When you come home, take a rest since you had lunch.  

By this time, my LTE terrace is very cool and windy because of the shade.  

I take my cell phone and book with me, and when I feel sleepy, I use my cell phone.  

I'll read the book again. repeat with  

I am reading books here that were hard to read in Korea.  

It's a very thick book, so I brought it with me.  

I wonder how I would have spent this afternoon without this.  

At around 3 o'clock, the children start to complain that they are bored.  

I tie three with my dad and send them to the Bizitter Center for ice cream.  

And I roll around again.  

Then, naturally, the kitchen will be cleaned up.  

I get to read some other books... Time goes slowly.  

After four o'clock, when the sun goes down,  

Children and husbands go to the playground with soccer balls and badminton.  

Or send the children to a friend's house.  

Or each one will rest from now on.  

In the afternoon at Language Lab, my husband and I have classes on alternate days of the week.  

The other one is with the children.  

Eat dinner.  

I go out to see the performances in the evening, or I just roll around again.  

When we play board games together,  

The day has passed before I know it.  

Memorize an English sentence.  

I also practice pronunciation.  

This book, I look through that book.  

Kids put to sleep.  

I talk to my husband about this and that.  

We go to bed early, too.  

I think the day is full even though I don't do much.  

I meet people from time to time.  

Look for a job.  

I'm doing the things I wanted to do one by one.  

After reading the book,  

Riding a bike,  

Turn down your cell phone.  

Maybe that's why the day is full.  

