---
title: Habit, book review, daily life
subtitle : Story#202008240219
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Habit
 - book review
 - daily life
date : 2020-08-23T17:19:19+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/flagged/photo-1558937311-d2193d5fcdcd?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Find the remote control before eating. Every morning news is my meal BGM. The provocative story made my tongue pop and I ended my meal today without knowing why or why it was the news. Then one day, I turned off the news and turned on the Bluetooth speaker. Then I played jazz music and took a spoon. The side dishes didn't change in a special way, but it felt like I was eating brunch for some reason. And the food I ate went down smoothly from the stomach, so I didn't have an upset stomach.  

Obviously it's only been a month since I promised myself to get up at six in the morning. I woke up early in the morning to do yoga with a yoga mat and decided to go on a diet by eating sweet potatoes unconditionally in the evening. Since dieting was essential for students to prepare to teach yoga starting this month, their will to lose steam was strong. But the result was a disastrous failure.  

On the first day, I was sure to keep my promise. The next day, I couldn't even hear the alarm and couldn't get out of sleep. Then a week, turn off the alarm and head back to bed. The body moved in the same pattern. I naturally turn off the alarm and go to sleep.  

What I do when I wake up in the morning  

Every time I wake up in the morning, for the first 10 minutes I do almost the same thing. Turn on the light, drink a glass of water, and wash your face. Does this happen consciously? In "Habit," the author says a vast, half-hidden "non-conscious self" works. This is the very habit of ignoring it. Habit is not something we intend to do consciously, but something that flows unconsciously. So when I feel like things are inevitably flowing, I make it clear that 'it's a habit' is not what my consciousness did. Habits and I are like 'other people'.  

What would happen if I repeated the task of feeling forced to flow and consciously kept trying? This, too, becomes a habit when repeated. I always feel like I'm doing the same thing, but in the end, a new nervous system continues to rebuild in my brain. The neural system, known as the brain's associative ring, shows signs of activity, forming a "sensory motion network."  

It started again. Turn on the light, drink a glass of water, wash your face, and open the yoga mat. It's been exactly three days. On the fourth day. I thought it became a habit, but I turned off the alarm and fell asleep again. Still, my untapped core was due to my failure to form a network of sensory exercises called morning training.  

Did the writer find me, who had been frustrated for a long time and lamented over my helplessness? I suggested a solution to this when I failed in my habit. It explains that habit formation begins with admitting that we are weak human beings. Yes, we must start by admitting that human willpower is very weak!  

Let's think about my life a little easier. Let's try to practice comforting me little by little in your thoughts. If you fail to get your mind together, let's open your diary. And let's have a say-whatever-party in it. Also, if you can't do yoga today, you can stretch, and if you can't, let's meditate on it.  

You can expect a "live well" if you make a habit of your daily life.  

As a freelancer, I have a lot of work to do. Instead of working from nine to six o'clock every day, you have to work with a different timetable. Since the same schedule cannot be drawn up, they tend to carefully draw up monthly plans. I tend to leave everything to the planner, not to have what I have to do in my head. If the planner's gone. Unimaginable. Because all my work will turn red.  

Routine has become an important indicator of a 'well-off life' for me, who has to be sensitive to everything. This is because life without a routine is designed as me who is very easily sensitive to other people's stimuli. What's the best way to be productive?  

The more you hand over your daily life to the area of automatic activity of the mind that does not require effort, the more energy the mind can put into "Proper Work." - William James. [Principles of Psychology]  

Repetition is the only shortcut to explosive growth, says Aristotle, a philosopher we know very well. 'We are something we do repeatedly. Therefore, excellence is not an act, but a habit." In fact, people often don't know what to do with their emotions that are easily stirred up. In particular, it was easy to lose one's constancy if one's husband and I spent all day together after marriage.  

A habitual mind is a habitual mind Soon, I emphasize Mindfulness, who realizes the essence without getting lost in the head.  Unless you systemize my mind, I won't be able to finish my equally planned work every day, and in the end my work will be pushed back to the very end. Above all, it is necessary to practice recognizing my feelings at the moment and looking at them one step back so that I can finally realize the essence.  

To design daily life without wavering  

I needed a recital of my mind to carry on the same thing every day in a changing day. Rituals have no immediate and direct rewards. Nevertheless, what is the reason for continuing the rehearsal? It is said that faith alone can exert strong enough power. Like the placebo effect.  

Every day we have thought about 'life dominated by habits' or 'life dominated by habits'. In the end, this is wrong. There was an answer to creating my daily life silently and systemizing my daily life, not just a life that I struggled with my habits. Rather, it was light and easy to design my unshakable daily life.  

If I admit my lack in the process of trying to make a habit, if I try to practice looking at my emotions right away, and understand that it is not perfect, wouldn't my habits gradually permeate into my body in the process? It's not that hard to design a daily life without shaking!  

The first attempt at starting a business. I wanted to be a good listener, so I challenged myself to start a business.  

