---
title: Daily life, paternity leave, couple
subtitle : Story#202008240233
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - paternity leave
 - couple
date : 2020-08-23T17:33:11+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1560090201-16cd118d322e?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

No. 2 was a crying mother and wife. The history of hot eyes is actually not very long. It was a common and common change, as most women who suffer from childbirth and childcare experience. For everyone, the first time will be difficult and scary. Therefore, it may not be easy to cry. It is not easy for a mother to be consoled by a "normal phenomenon." The gateway to the passing of all who are given the name of mother. For she only passes through the door as well as the others.  

My brother is the only intellectual who talks to me all day.  

The first, which had been putting up the daily routine at the company as a side dish at the dinner table, paused for a moment. Because it was impossible to distinguish the brightness and darkness of the lines that popped out of No. 2's mouth. Do you mean thank you for being my only contact? No, is it a self-help statement about the fact that there is no one to talk to? Or does that mean we should stop talking about the boring company and have a more high-quality conversation? Her eyes were visibly red as No. 1 tried to gauge the psychology of No. 2 by mobilizing all of her reasoning skills. It was a warning that warm drops of tears would soon form on the spot, and No. 1, who has yet to find the right answer, agonized.  

The mind of No. 2 was very strange. Everything No. 1 deduced was right and wrong. It meant that nothing was certain. But one thing that is clear is that the current situation is unsatisfactory. The conversation with No. 1 was a moment of liberation for No. 3 and No. 2, who had been physically wrestling with No. 2 all day using primitive body language. It was the only time I could speak out a humanly sentence. No. 1 was a broker who managed to connect her with the world's smallest bond. But most of the stories from No. 1's mouth are "dark" aspects of the world. Instead of shrinking the emotions of No. 2 that stretched out all day, it made the feeling even more dry. Furthermore, when I was listening to such a sad story, I was often saddened to choose the role of a listener rather than a speaker. The day ended with a reaction as a spectator. You miss the chance to speak intelligent language. No one did anything wrong, but as the number of words in No. 1 increased, No. 2 continued.  

Surprisingly, the situation turned around after the first paternity leave began. From the moment I opened my eyes to the moment I closed my eyes, it was on the second side of my mouth constantly. Like IU's song lyrics, it was "Sound for you from one to ten." No. 2 became an alarm to encourage people to get up early and a guide to how to play with their children in detail. While cooking, he hummed about various materials as a labor song and showed the appearance of a doctor who corrected his wrong lifestyle. The fact that there is one "talkable intellectual" in the family contributed to the biggest treatment for No. 2 depression. The tear glands of the new chatterbox eventually revealed a dry bottom. It was a pleasant drought.  

a life of ten thousand years' worth of living No. 3 noticed earlier than anyone else that there was a change in the mind of No. 2. It was understandable that No. 2 who played with him every day in a drooping state became a lively personification. No. 3 was excited because No. 1 was always by his side, and No. 2 was more active than before. The tension of No. 3 gained momentum and moved toward the next world, riding on a frightening upward trend.  

The explosive energy of No. 3 had an unexpected adverse effect. He completely surrendered to the head of the family, who had been struggling for a happy time with his family. There's a man above a runner.Dunny, No. 3 has always shown vigorous stamina beyond the expectations of No. 1. In particular, the change in walking ability had a huge impact on the daily lives of the semi-white family. Before the paternity leave, crawling or holding a fan was the highest level of ability in No. 3, but he started to take off his feet and quickly ran around. It was an excellent result of the active support of No. However, being free to walk also meant being able to do things more quickly and more accurately. Due to her tired body following No. 3 and her tired mind to deal with the situation she had caused, there were days when No. 1's mouth was shut tight. No. 1 became a very taciturn man, about a day a week.  

On such a day, the No. 1 and No. 2 moved in perfect order, not to mention first. After falling asleep in No. 3, a bottle of wine and a quick snack were placed side by side on the table. The night when no one talks first, like unwritten rule. The sound of wine glasses banging and crunching and chewing food used to fill the space. No. 1's paternity leave made them both silent fathers and chatty mothers, respectively, while also realizing the value of silence they share. A silence that didn't go back and forth helped me convey that I understood all your feelings, and that you were not alone. It made me forget my impatience to talk fiercely. The day after such a time, the two could start the day with a peaceful mind, as if it had happened again.  

Perhaps it was not a matter of conversation that was placed between No. 1 and No. 2 before the paternity leave. There has been no point of contact with each other. That we had such different days. Even if we try to explain and make them understand each other well, there will be a gap that cannot be convinced of each other. Perhaps this triviality has accumulated and festering. The 150 days that Ban Baek-soo and his family spent together on their first paternity leave were very ordinary days, but sometimes just spending such unusual daily lives together may provide comfort to each other.  

