---
title: Dinner, Daily Life, Corona
subtitle : Story#202008240518
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Dinner
 - Daily Life
 - Corona
date : 2020-08-23T20:18:07+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1556742205-e10c9486e506?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Dinner is one of the representative works of Spanish painter Eva Almerson. The author says, "Everything that we love, change us, make us strong or weak exists in our ordinary lives." Perhaps the best picture of the author's story is "Dinner."  

  

Eva Almerson also says it has become increasingly difficult to make time with her family. That's why he became determined to save his family time by drawing this picture. It is sad that such determination is necessary to be with loved ones. As Eva Almerson said, I really need a special resolution because I can't spend time with my family due to unexpected overtime and frequent business trips.  

Every single day of the ordinary life seems the same and unchanged. Sometimes we miss the fact that everything in our lives is in that ordinary routine.  

These days, especially when Korona 19 is noisy, ordinary daily life is more desperate. I extend my heartfelt applause to the administration, medical staff, and every single citizen who claimed to be a vaccine for himself, who is trying to put an end to the situation quickly. No medical staff, no confirmed patients, no family members, we pray that we can quickly have dinner with our family again with ordinary daily lives. Today, I also pray for dinner to regain my speciality from my ordinary daily life.  

As time goes by, you'll find out that the hard things that are now are for today. It's an unwavering fact that I've already known from a few experiences. I know, but it's true that it's hard. You don't have to try to diminish the hard feelings. However, let's not ignore the foolishness of being immersed in the hardship and not being able to overcome it." I hope and hope that the day will come soon when I enjoy dinner with my family, which I have forgotten so much that I can forget about any difficulties I had.  

