---
title: Daily life, dry battery, corona
subtitle : Story#202008240353
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - dry battery
 - corona
date : 2020-08-23T18:53:23+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1566425303014-8b71badc099a?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Corona 19 has led to months of "close contact" with children that began during the winter vacation.  

The same space, the same people, similar routines,  

These days, children and adults are getting tired as the days are getting boring.  

When you don't have anything to do after you do your own thing,  

There are unintended moments when you get together and do "blank and sprawl" acts.  

It's like...  

It's like a group spacing out.  

Ah... Bored and boring...Is there anything you can do?Shall we go for a walk in the neighborhood?Same course every day, same road I've been to... I want to go on a trip. I want to go to the sea and go camping.I know...By the way, Mom, we look like batteries right now. The batteries in the toys.  

  

If you light a light bulb with a battery, connecting several batteries may light up the light or last longer than if you use only one battery.  

Was it a collective unconscious foot that wanted to barely survive this frustrating reality that could end at any point?  

I felt much better as the three of us giggled at the word "gun battery."  

As the momentum was driven to exchange a few more untimely jokes, the mood was even more spiraling.  

Did he get a good look at the blanking effect of the "battery posture"? LOL  

When you share a shabby daily life, there are times when you find something new in it.  

Even if it's a daily routine for one person, one person, and one person, putting them together creates a variety of "little lumps" of spectrum.  

Since the definition of "noisy" that individuals feel is different, some of the things that are gathered like that are very different, and I think there are some interesting things that happen at the point where they meet.  

Another colourfulness is created in the boredom of the thought of little, and it creates a new movement in the stagnant daily life.  

