---
title: Essay, Potter, Daily Life
subtitle : Story#202008240332
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Essay
 - Potter
 - Daily Life
date : 2020-08-23T18:32:00+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1528567231643-1bad09b9bbc2?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

In Mission Impossible III, Adan Hunt, along with Eclan, conducts operations to enter the Vatican, where all the agents opposed it. The truck of the world-famous DHL courier company blocks the way as if it's broken, and takes advantage of the crack to infiltrate the Vatican on a wall.  

In the movie, stopped cars honk and shout at trucks that blocked the road. But Eclan's car broke down! Am I out of order? Why am I to blame for the car? She shouts, "Laughing out loud. This part reminds me of Haruki's essay "The distant drumbeat."  

The distant drum sounds seem more serious than Haruki's other essays. It's a little different from other essays that you read while sitting on a sunny deck with one or two buttons unbuttoned. Maybe it's because Haruki is an essay about how he felt as he crawled in the cold, lonely Crete Island, shivering inside to write his novel "The End of the World and Hard Boyd Wonderland," a full-fledged Haruki move away from "Listen to the Song of the Wind" and "Norway Forest."  

But even in it, it's interesting to talk about the kind of natural ease of the Romans. The bottom line is that even if the hotel doesn't have hot water, or if you want to get a mail from the post office, you'll be stuck in a crowded parking space in Rome, and the bumper of the car will be like this. And when a woman whines and pushes her car into a crowded parking space, she stops what people are doing as if she's watching a fun movie around her, yells out "Fighting" and finally parks, everyone has done it, giving her the same applause.  

The natural ease of the Romans may embarrass and seem quite interesting to the people of other countries who have traveled to Rome. Even if a car spreads out in the middle of the road, it's not the driver's fault, so it's very imposing. A repair truck will be here soon, so it's not my fault, so go back or wait. It's just like this. No one knows how many minutes or hours the 'soon' here is.  

This is the story of the early and mid-80s in Rome. The people of Rome are probably different now. Still, the national character of each country's people and the provincial character of the region that they live in are attached to people's cells like genes and continue to be persistent.  

In Mission Impossible III, thanks to such ease the Romans have, Ethan and Eklin are able to carry out operations. I wouldn't have made it if it weren't for a truck here. Perhaps because of consciousness, Porter stands out the most when driving on the road. Porter is constantly rushing between cars coming from the opposite side of the road. Due to the capacity of the truck, it is large and small, and there are many different types of cars, but with the exception of very large trucks, the road has the most potters.  

It's strange to see Porter, but he's up front. Porter has the form that comes to mind, but it actually varies. First of all, there is a porter who has a unique look of the courier company due to the delivery service. Rosen, CJ, and post office courier trucks have their own identification. On some days, different potters are seen driving in different colors on the road, and each driver (of course) is driving in a row.  

I've heard that the best-selling car of the year is Porter. In addition to the porter of the delivery company, cars that carry food ingredients or put food in convenience stores are also porters. The cars carrying air tools and going back and forth between the government-funded construction sites of the road are Porter, and the cars carrying cows are Porter as well. There are constant large and small porter on the road, but the number decreases on holidays.  

Therefore, the economy of Korean society can be measured to some extent if there are many Potter movies. I think I know why Potter is the best seller. As time goes by, the gap between the rich and the poor in social structure becomes clear, and the more that happens, the more Potter is seen on the road. Porter, who seems to be less popular than his own car, is the most popular car, and the more popular Porter is, the more he can't clap his hands.  

Recently, however, many modified Porter camper cars have appeared. As far as I know, the camping car law has been changed since March, so I can make the appearance of the camping car as much as I want by modifying the porter. In short, the gas range could not be fixed in the car before, but now those things have been solved, and foreign camping cars (excellent in price and performance) will be imported, even though they do not know much about the world. Either way, you can now sit on a potter called a porter and drink coffee or beer in a living room-like atmosphere inside the renovated porter, greeting breakfast or seeing the sunset.  

I don't know what porter is like these days, but porter used to say 'For Elise' when he was younger. Beethoven's Vagatel A minor, the song is known as "For Elise," and when Porter steps backward, it has a note called Lalalala Lala, the most famous part. If ten porters kill the backside at once, 'For Elise' will come out as a group. I think it' I think the porters will look different. It's a great song to listen to from beginning to end with the focus of "For Elysee." Come to think of it, Porter was this elegant tea.  

