---
title: Little man, old man, daily life.
subtitle : Story#202008240920
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Little man
 - old man
 - daily life.
date : 2020-08-24T00:20:39+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1542663210-8581a465ddd1?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Earlier this year, I was surprised when I was hanging around in front of the exhibition gallery. 'Get out of my way, mister,' cried a little boy behind me. I flinched to the point of shivering at the sudden cry. It wasn't because of the preceding word, a word that was rude. a three-letter title Mister. 'Did you point at me?The more I thought about it, the more angry I was, a little sad, and a little unfair. He was only 25 years old, not an old man, and wanted to appeal to the child because he was about "adult," but he had already left.  

I went straight to the bathroom and looked at my face in the mirror. Wrinkles appeared around the eyes and dark circles hung thick and long under the eyes. a face struck by the direct blows of time He could have been called an old man. It was different from what I expected when I was young. Six years ago, when I was 19 years old in high school, I hummed "Pretty Age: Twenty-five" like a prayer. 'You get prettier when you're 25. I can't wait to get old. I can't believe it. At the beginning of the song, "When I look at the mirror, it changes." All but one sentence were wrong. Was the lyrics wrong only to me? Was I the only one who meant it again?  

Half a year older now, 25.5 years old. I recalled the little boy who called me uncle again. When I was first called an old man, I reunited my child with a different feeling. It was a little embarrassing, a little too much, and somewhat embarrassing. It was because my level was insufficient to put the title of an adult represented by an old man side by side after three letters of his name. Though he was old like an old man, he had no composure in mind and was still childlike in managing his emotions. Twenty-five. Half the age of 50. He was immature to be treated as an adult and embarrassed to receive a Children's Day gift.  

There are two old men. Cha Tae-sik (Won Bin) from the movie "The Man From Nowhere" and Park Dong-hoon (Lee Sun-kyun) from the drama "My Mister." The man next door and the man next to the desk at work. They constantly looked at the children, Somi (Kim Sae-ron) and Lee Ji-an (Lee Ji-eun). The children in the play confessed to their uncle the weight and texture of life.  

Nine-year-old Somi said.  

"Mister... you're ashamed of me, aren't you? So you pretended you didn't know?  

It's okay, so are the classmates and so are you.  

My mom also told me to pretend I don't know the address and phone number if I lose my house.  

When I drink, I always say, "Let's die together."  

You're worse than a fat man who teased me as a beggar...  

But I don't hate you. If I hate you, there's no one in the world I like.  

It breaks my heart when I think about it. I mean, I won't hate you."  

said 21-year-old Jian.  

"If someone says something, you can tell me how poor Ann I am.  

Don't think there's been no one in my life who helped me.  

There were a lot of people who helped.  

He brought us side dishes, rice. Once. Twice. Three times. Four times.  

After four times. Everyone's running away. a life of no signs of improvement with contempt  

Hmm. They must have thought they were really good people."  

The uncle replied by staying with him somehow. Spending time together, we formed a relationship. Nor did I read the relationship as a child-adult nor understood it as a top-down relationship. It was a reciprocal relationship, and a two-way horizontal relationship that made people feel emotions and felt emotions themselves. Find and care for each other and comfort each other.  

said Tae-sik in his thirties.  

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry I pretended I didn't know.  

If you want to pretend you know too much, you want to pretend you don't."  

"I'm standing alone. You can do it, right?  

Just once... just once... Let's give him a hug.  

Let me give you a hug."  

Forty-five-year-old Dong-hoon said.  

"That's a good thing. Where's your number? I've never met anyone who's never done before.  

(Coughing) Ha, I get what you're talking about.  

My life isn't better than yours.  

I'm not buying you out of pity.  

I'm buying you thank you."  

"You guys don't feel sorry for her?  

I feel sorry for all the rigid people. It tells you the days of your life.  

The wounded children cover up too early.  

I see it. So poor.  

His old days... To know... I'm scared."  

The children wondered why the uncle took care of them. asked the grown-up directly without turning or decorating. The reason why they struggled was simple and clear. Because he's an old man. But he didn't explain it to the child in words. Only act. Shined the truth with purity.  

"Mr. Man."  

Somi, "What does that mean?"  

Tai Shik "I Don't Know"  

"My Mister."  

Donghun, "What is your father doing?"  

Jian, "Why are you just asking me that?"  

Dong-hoon said, "Adults just ask when they see kids. Something like that."  

Uncle was not a light title. I refined my words and actions to become an adult worthy of my uncle. Like Tae-sik and Dong-hoon, they recite their declaration of age every morning and night when they open their eyes. The lyrics of "Pretty Age: Twenty-five" are also changed to "Adult Age: Thirty and forty." The language habit was the calculation of Smiley in attitude and behavior. If there is another better way, it is always welcome with your arms open.  

What would I say if I met the kid who called me "Mister" again by the time I looked good in a common and special title? I wanted to show you something, but I couldn't find anything I wanted to do. You should be a man before that kid.  

reference song  

You look like an adult, rooftop moon.  

After a stupid day, I tell you a stupid joke that I want, a cowardly month, and I'm sitting in a comfortable room chair.  

You look like a grown-up. Now I should have thought about it, but if you were an average adult, you wouldn't be able to live like this.  

When I woke up alone, I felt like I was an adult. Who are you still like a child in the mirror?  

You look like a grown-up. Now I should have thought about it, but if you were an average adult, you wouldn't be able to live like this.  

When I woke up alone, I felt like I was an adult. Who are you still like a child in the mirror?  

Even if a person has to grow up and grumbles, please don't give up on the one thing you want in the world.Today, me, another day.  

