---
title: England, thoughts, daily life
subtitle : Story#202008241607
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - England
 - thoughts
 - daily life
date : 2020-08-24T07:07:00+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1552417808-e872f6ca6853?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I've heard this from some people. "Living in England is getting used to boredom." It seems that many European cultures as well as the UK are similar. A life used to boredom. I thought about the boredom that I didn't feel well in Korea.  

Maybe it's because I don't have much time at work. According to the story, Korea's warlabel has become much better. It's been three and a half years since I left the company, and there must have been a huge change in the meantime. In England, people usually do their jobs and go home quickly without having time to hang out with them.  Lunch time is not fixed like in Korea, but the time at work seems to be shorter. Go home quickly and dink or enjoy my time. I don't spend anything unusual just because it's my time. Still, it's better than being in the company. I watch TV, I read books, I write on blogs (in fact, I'm here to start blogging), I'm dazed, I drink tea, I bake, I cook, I do yoga, I go for a walk, I have a lot.  To fill the remaining time, we find (unconsciously) a variety of activities.  

In fact, another boring reason is connected to the previous activities, and there is not much entertainment.  I don't have many friends here, nor do I have good facilities such as karaoke or movie theaters. Still, it is rare to go to a pub to drink lukewarm beer. If you go to an art museum, museum, or perform, you can make a reservation once or twice. Before Corona, you can often travel to the suburbs, so you usually travel. Except for travel, sightseeing, and shopping, there really isn't much entertainment.  I understand people lying still in the park. In Korea, I used to spend more time alone or alone at cafes than I thought, but strangely, the frequency of going to cafes here has decreased a lot. Come to think of it, in Korea, I needed a "space" to leave home and sit on my buttocks and do something, while here I just sit in a park or on a bench on a promenade, so I don't have to go to a cafe. It is a more open place than a cafe if only the bathroom is solved.   The environment seems to be changing leisure.  

If Korea is a happy hell, sometimes it is said that England is a boring paradise. However, how to fill that boredom and boredom depends on my will. It is good in itself that I am not bound by something even if I don't do much.  

Dollce far Niente;The sweetness of doing nothing-an Italian proverb in the movie EAT, PRAY, LOVE-  

In the beginning, this boring routine was a little strange. Even though I did something, wouldn't it be 7 p.m. before I go to bed? I don't think I'll lose money if I do something. I think I have to do something productive. Maybe I'll fall behind while living like this. It occurred to me that. However, there is no comparison between the criteria for which they are likely to fall behind. I just vaguely felt like I had to be busy with something alone. There seems to have been some obsession with living a tight life or not resting. I guess the difference between Koreans who have to live busily and diligently, and perhaps the present and me, has been felt as they gradually moved away from each other people.  

According to Tadashi Okada's second principle of "Secret of Psychological Manipulation," if you make your brain tired, you take away the freedom to think. If there is a little realization I have gained now, it is that even if I'm not busy, things work somehow and nothing much changes just because I'm in a hurry. Just live at my pace, if you're busy, if you're free. That's why boredom is so meaningful in itself. It makes me think about my values, principles and tastes.  So I'm learning to enjoy life while feeling bored. I have to redo my work. I feel the value of boredom and the happiness of it.  

