---
title: Daily life, essay, independence
subtitle : Story#202008241106
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - essay
 - independence
date : 2020-08-24T02:06:22+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1574414237365-9b3e19c008ef?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Living out of the house for nearly seven years independently, the most important thing I felt was the importance of life.  

That's why I didn't realize the importance of everyday life.  

I had to hit the calculator with a utility bill that I had never looked into before, rather than the things that I thought were the most important thing in my life, self-improvement that I had to do, and the time I had to do my personal work.  

Days I had to go through real estate apps for days and days to find a house to move into.  

Even though I was busy, I turned the washing machine and did the laundry that I had to hang on time.  

The white clothes that I had to give up because the white didn't come back when I washed them,  

The days when I finally had to feel stressed out in a room where I had to live in a room that was clean and cleaned by my mother in the morning and evening.  

The days when I realized with my body why I had to wrap meat after having a stomachache with pork belly that we ate together for a week because I was too lazy to cook rice.  

So many years later, I looked back and I was getting used to it.  

To the real life thrown out of their parents' fence in an empty field,  

Living in a different place, Seoul, away from home,  

When I left the place where I was staying for my long-cherished dream, I became desperate.  

It was the preciousness of life, a trivial daily life that I felt as if nothing had happened to me, not a dream.  

What's wrong with this? What's wrong?  

For the first time, I thought something else was wrong, not myself.  

It wasn't long after the time of oppression that pushed him with the idea of "there are many things to do and many things to do," that he finally accepted himself.  

Success, dreams, goals, etc. seem grand and wonderful, and all the other worries and thirst will be solved, but they are actually only a small part of life.  

The main character in the drama only needs to play one role well, but there is not one role that I play in real life.  

That's why achieving one thing you want doesn't make all your lives happy.  

There is a sense of accomplishment, satisfaction, and so much that I can gain from achieving my goals, but these cannot be all of my life.  

What if the money and honor gained from the effort alienate your family?  

What if your health gets worse while you're busy work?  

What's the point of that if I had to work without a friend to meet on the weekend?  

Achieving what you want is not something you can get on the elevator and get off on the floor you want.  

It is a long journey that one has to climb up the stairs with one's own efforts.  

Many middle-classes that pass by as they go up to the target floor are all part of their lives.  

How to send the process depends on your choice.  

Looking back at myself who just finished my single-celled life a while ago...  

