---
title: Corona, daily life, society
subtitle : Story#202008240828
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - daily life
 - society
date : 2020-08-23T23:28:22+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1556612479-e98f714b9546?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Because of the corona, I found a daily routine that would not be disturbed at home, reducing my going out on my own. "I have to do it because I have work to do," he said. "It's all useless. I have to do it even if I sigh." I've been living every day like chewing rice. I thought everyone was doing a good job of keeping their daily lives in the midst of saying that their daily lives had collapsed.  

One day a co-worker asked me what I was doing. What do you do at home when you don't go to work? I told my brief daily life and answered that time went by quickly, even though it was nothing. I thought it was quite a busy day, but I spit it out and it was a day with three sentences. I usually spend my morning relaxing doing yoga. Time flies when you read and write after lunch. After dinner, watch a drama or do whatever I want to do.  

Of course, it is too futile to summarize a lot of time, action, and many of the thoughts that come to mind in a few words. I can't put the depth of my day in this simple sentence. But during the conversation, I wondered if my daily life was normal or sustainable. It is not abnormal, but I thought it was a difficult routine to maintain for a long time. I thought so because it is a daily life that is not connected at all to the society where I live in.  

How was my daily life before Corona? It was not particularly connected to society then. But it wasn't just in the house as it is now. I snooped moderately around society and often knocked on the door to get in there and often rested my tired body and mind outside the border. Today, however, the Korona society has become too far away and unfamiliar to approach.  

When society was in full swing, there was nothing strange about me sticking out a foot and nothing strange about me standing back. I was naturally caught in the flowing world and could pretend to belong to society, even if I was a stranger. But in a rigid society, there is nowhere for me to stop moving and step in. I can't afford to mix up as a member of society. When everyone's daily life stopped, I just stopped the same way, but the daily life that was not connected to society seems particularly prominent. It becomes an isolated island because there is no place to connect the daily life that has stopped.  

The first thing to bounce out of a crisis situation is the person hanging from the edge. When movement was restricted and schools closed, the economically vulnerable class was directly hit. Those who had to buy goods at higher prices at supermarkets were struggling with burdensome costs as the market, which used to shop, was closed. In addition, children who had been able to take care of nutrition that they could not take at home in school meals were not allowed to eat properly. People who could not live without help from others became unable to contact them, causing problems in their daily lives.  

Compared to those who have to worry about their livelihood right now, foreigners who are socially isolated are not a problem. They only spend their daily lives a little different from those who are firmly rooted in society, but their daily lives do not turn upside down and go crazy. This insignificant isolation can be ended at any time if it is determined. So it's really no big deal. It's just an opportunity to feel how vulnerable my daily life was, and how close I was to the shallow ground.  

