---
title: Records, thoughts, daily life
subtitle : Story#202008240438
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Records
 - thoughts
 - daily life
date : 2020-08-23T19:38:34+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1518481852452-9415b262eba4?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

People Looking for New Unique  

Have you used it every morning by Kim Min-sik?After reading the book >, I came to think that I should leave an unrecurring record in my daily life.  

Our daily lives are repeated. Some people might say, "I'm new every day." But usually I am.  

I get up in the morning, get ready for work, work late at work, and when I get off work, I meet people or come back home to watch TV or develop myself. Of course, meeting someone else can be a different appointment, watching other TV programs can be another time, or reading another book can be a meeting with another author.  

But on the surface, there's not much specialness, just the repetition of everyday life. When these daily lives are repeated, a month passes quickly and a year passes quickly. After that, is it usually this late? Time flies. It makes me think. On the first day of the month, the first day of the year, I will achieve this this this month and this year!have a mindset of Wouldn't it be my mindset to do something special and develop myself?  

But these things don't last long.  

Just by looking at the registration rate of the gym, it is. Most people register at the beginning of the year. In January, the gym is crowded with people. There's no room for a treadmill. In addition, those such as swimming and yoga, which are learning sports, are not available, so they get a waiting number. It seems that people always want something special and want to achieve something. Trying to do one special thing in the boredom of everyday life.  

At the beginning of a month, can we do something new and do something special only when a new year begins?  

Can't every day be special?  

I decided to leave a record because I wanted to be remembered every day as special. If you write a few words a day, or even a few lines, when you see it later, I thought, "Oh, my God.That's what you can think of and get another idea from it. If we don't record it, we're just going to find something special in the things that will flow.  

So what should I do to make a special record?  

Six My Efforts to Make Special Records  

1. A4 paper, kakaotalk chat window, voice recording  

Fold and carry the A4 paper so that it can be 8 squares. I didn't want to miss an idea that came to my mind every moment. Usually, when I work at a company, I concentrate on my work, so it's hard to take time to record.  

You'll have this experience. Things to take care of before you go out in the shower, ideas for presentation, things you forgot. But I can't remember what to do when I come out of the shower. The things that came to mind at a moment like this are quickly forgotten.  

While walking down the street, special things come to mind, but if I don't have a notebook, I use the Kakaotalk chat window or record my voice. Simple words are sufficient in the Kakaotalk chat window, but when a batter cannot keep up with the speed of his or her thoughts, he or she records the voice.  

2. Subject-specific records  

With these records I record by subject. One day there may be only one word or one day there may be really long sentences. It's good to be long or It can be short. Words and sentences that came to mind that day are all meaningful special things. When these are gathered together, a piece of writing is completed. It is easy to find later if I classify the words and sentences I wrote as emotional, thought-changing, or new information.  

3. Diary of Dawn  

I can't keep it every time, but I tend to keep a diary right away when I wake up at dawn. Baro is better after he wakes up than during the evening when he has finished all his work. In the evening, I have received a lot of stimuli from outside, so I can't fully see myself. Also, if it is hard to focus on myself amid numerous noises such as TV sounds, bus sounds, people's conversations, etc., and if I am not in a good mood on that day, all the good things in my diary may be recorded badly.  

So I chose the dawn time. While sleeping, reading, and drinking coffee with a clear mind, he records what happened yesterday from the most objective point of view and, nevertheless, how he felt at the time. Along with coffee and a clear spirit, I love the time with the sound of typing.  

4. Records of Reading  

In the past, when I read a book, I read it once and covered it. I'm proud when I read it, and I say, "Ah! "Now that I have this realization, I have to change it!" But when I close the book, I can't do anything more than read it. So whenever I read a book, I always record a good passage. I add my thoughts below. How these phrases change your mind, what you have to think again, and so on. Of course, this is also a record, and if you don't look at it,  

However, if the records accumulate and you have your own storage, you can reduce the trouble of re-opening the books you didn't record and you can check your thoughts back then. Also, even if I read the same book again, I can check my past and present thinking changes. Let's say it's an effort to think about something special in ordinary reading.  

5. Audit diary  

The thank-you diary is good, too. Looking for something to be thankful for during the day makes you feel grateful for something you never thought of. Getting up at dawn and drinking coffee can be a thank-you or a thank-you for the spring breeze. Also, I may be thankful for the lunch I have had every time. I think these routines can once again be special because they just flow and the thoughtless daily lives come with gratitude.  

6. How different you can think and enjoy  

Every article, including an essay, column, thesis, should contain one message, one question. A writing without a sense of problem is no less than a loud vintage. The list of rhetoric without a message is empty. Writing that is full of knowledge and poor of wisdom is free. Although it is full of professional knowledge and flamboyant rhetoric, the daily newspapers also notice articles that read all of them and do not know what I think that I think. This is a monologue. Writing should be a means of communication and communication that brings about another idea. Words without echo cannot reach anyone. It is good to know what you mean. So you have to persuade yourself before you write.  

'What do I want to say through this article?'  

Before writing, let's have a cozy time to explain to ourselves and persuade ourselves first. Whether it's a thick book or one-page writing, it's polite to organize and start with a single line. To sum up what I want to say now is this.  

'Let's have fun writing to resist conventional interpretation.'  

_Source:The Frontline of Writing  

The act of writing should not be painful. It is a good idea to be able to empathize with this writing, but if you focus only on empathy, the uniqueness of your writing disappears and the act of writing becomes boring and painful because it is not for yourself but for others. When I write, I always have to think about whether I enjoy writing.  

Why do you want to keep a record?  

Once these things are stacked one by one, one brunch writing is completed. The only special experience for me now is police life. If you don't have a variety of experiences like me, you need to find your writing in your daily life, but if you can express your thoughts and everyday life in your own language, I think readers will be able to sympathize more.  

I only wanted to unravel my thoughts about myself. I haven't written since I was young, and I just started reading books. I may be satisfied only by writing and looking at myself, but I also want to objectively check my growing self. Don't be embarrassed just because you can't write, but I'm posting my own writing on brunch today, thinking that I can put more effort into writing because I'm putting more effort into the space that many people see!  

