---
title: Start, plan, routine
subtitle : Story#202008240317
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Start
 - plan
 - routine
date : 2020-08-23T18:17:04+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1597766380552-36f5c673637a?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Florence politician and historian Guichi Ardini said this.  

You cannot guarantee the achievement of a job just by starting, directing, or stimulating it. We must check on the follow-up problems of the work, and do our best until the work is done. Because of this nature of work, we have to make a lot of contributions to the settlement. On the other hand, there is someone who follows another plan in the middle of the job, who often thinks it's over, but in the case of him, he actually hasn't started anything. -A little bit of medical service.  

For example, hurddle games allow us to figure out the number of obstacles, the spacing of obstacles, and the location of obstacles. In other words, acknowledge the hurdles on the track of my life, adjust the stride and adjust the breathing to run and jump faster. However, if a player in a hurdles game gets rid of the hurdles, it means giving up the hurdles themselves.  

The train stops at each station, unless it is a direct train from point A to point B. However, the train did not give up running. It stops for a while and then goes back to point B, the final destination. That's the life of the train. And it's our life that has to be.  

There are many obstacles to life. Obstacles are the things that delay or cause me to give up the pace in realizing my goals and plans, or give me the temptation to change the aforementioned plan. A life that touches this and that, easily gives up whenever it doesn't go its way, and nags at something else, can never reach its end or end destination.  

Life is a journey. It may be as planned, but there are usually many variables. Reducing the variable and changing the variable to a fixed value is what a sailor who joins a big ship in life should do. It is a life without backbone to try to change ships or change one's will and plan to variables.  

You have to take ten shots of that beauty to get a beauty, and if you try a few times and shoot another lane of beauty, you've done nothing to get the best beauty.  

