---
title: daily, continuous, forecasting
subtitle : Story#202008241642
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily
 - continuous
 - forecasting
date : 2020-08-24T07:42:52+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1587304656679-51448e5bac50?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

There is the comfort of 'daily life'. In the word "everyday life," there is a premise that it is predictable because it is a series of routine tasks. It's predictable, so you don't have to be nervous. It's comfortable knowing what's going to happen. You just have to do what you normally do. It's called everyday life.Writing at this time of the day must have been my daily routine.  

That's why it's important how you behave normally. It's because how you fill your daily life is a person's lifestyle. "See what you do when you rest to see what you're made of."Reading books, listening to music, exercising, sleeping, watching TV, and so on, if you look at a person's resting life, you can see how he or she lives. Although daily life seems to be nothing, it was a scene where life was expressed and revealed.  

But while it's always true that something doesn't make sense first and is mixed with chaos, the human nature of trying to give meaning by sequencing, prioritizing, and giving it a sense is evident in everyday life. The cycle of meeting newness through the daily escape of rest, which is the limit of being immersed in everyday life and unable to incorporate other ideas, is just as important. To continue to attract novelty and advance to a better state. It's a daily escape that strengthens the nature of survival. In 1973, American sociologist Mark Gennobeotti came up with the concept of 'weakness of connection' in a study of how a group of men in Newton, Massachusetts found their jobs. It shows that people who are past "weak relationships" are more important than their close friends to find a job or get new information or ideas. Close friends and acquaintances see things from a different perspective because they have similar radius of action, while people with weak relationships live in different radius of action. We also know that depending on where and how we adapt 'daily' we can produce a variety of results.  

The daily routine of this time is to continue to intertwine the threads of life through writing. Like the exchange of information in neurons, everything that lives is revealed and expressed in interactions. In natural science, the idea of continuity has been shattered by quantum mechanics, but it still works in our cognitive space. Knowing that life isn't even continuous, but hoping it will be continuous, that's our daily life. The essence of everyday life is "nothing permanent, nothing continuous." Since it is Wednesday, the middle of the week, today is the day that is the farthest away from rest. Since it's a daily routine without a break, the word disconnect seems to cut everything off and face something new, but even the meaning of disconnection cannot escape from being the basis of a series. When it boils like a furnace and melts everything and flows out like red iron, it is fusion. It mixes good, bad, and everything together to make it a strong iron life. Daily life is a different expression of the sequence. In this season of fresh green, it seems to have left the splendor behind, but it is like a mixture of colors of five chambers hiding their lives in the shade of green. White and yellow have gone down, and now red vines are showing their presence. The white acacia flower, which gives off a sweet fragrance on the middle of the mountain, is now visible. The weight of certain colors grows and decreases over time, but there is no color that completely dominates.  

Because nature is a harmony.It is the evolution of color to make green stand out in the clear world of color. Nature, which recognizes its existence and shows its existence according to its environment, already contained its delicacy in the coincidence of evolution.The world of flowers that survive only when exposed and visible was a different world from the survival of animals that survive by hiding and hiding. So plants and animals have something in common with life that shares the ring of circulation.  

It's no different to look at the nature of the human community following majority democracy with new choices. Even though no one in the community wants the community to collapse, they live in a dichotomous confirmation bias that their arguments, attention, and other thoughts and actions are the enemy.And then when you reach an end, it becomes quiet, like a tail, a turn, or a water seeping into the sand. It's survival instinct.The cycle of human cognition is still a long way from nature.  

Now our society is at a crossroads where we have to come up with a new conclusion: national unity. Whether you like it or not, you have no choice but to live together and breathe together. I hope it's not a difference of opinion, but a world where the cry is not high and low.  

We need to mix and melt together to create a feast of life. That's why you have to breathe hard with the energy that makes you sweat as if your daily life and deviation were one body. This is the moment.  

