---
title: Corona, Paris, Daily Life
subtitle : Story#202008242035
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - Paris
 - Daily Life
date : 2020-08-24T11:35:33+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1554863969-19ebf03f13c6?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Everything has changed because of the coronavirus.  

As I live my life, I wonder if there will be another big event like this.  

The work has been cut off.  

The travel industry I work for is now a bust.  

The border is closed, the plane is not flying, and the fly without travelers looks so peaceful and more beautiful than ever, unlike my mind.  

I thought the vaccine would come out by March and April and pass by quickly.  

There are so many brilliant masters and PhDs in the world...  

But it must not be easy.  

When the terrorist attacks hit Paris, people in the travel industry had a hard time with a distinctively reduced number of travelers.  

But now it's much... No, it's really serious.  

What can I do? I think about it.  

But I can't really see a sharp number. All I have to do right now is to do my best consistently what I can do where I am... And in a way, I want to cherish the long time I can't come back with my family.  

Advantages that Corona brought me  

Today, I wake up in the morning and go for a walk with my daughter, one of my daily routines.  

Watching a child grow up and change from day to day is one of the biggest happiness for me now.  

Hedgehogs are the prettiest of their young, and they are very precious to me.  

Come out and take a picture of the world with a camera after a long time.  

Unlike before, the store is marked to keep its distance, and many people are seen wearing masks.  

Other than that, he's no different than usual.  

Someone who works energetically, sits in the cafeteria, drinks a cup of coffee, and talks to each other.  

It seems that the daily routine has returned.  

But, is it real?  

France Hate to Admit  

France does not have accurate information about the Corona virus or the number of confirmed cases, even if it turns on the news.  

Why is that?  

Perhaps Korea is the only country in the world where the entire world, from children to grandmothers to grandfathers, owns and uses smart phones skillfully.  

In France, however, many people in their 40s and 50s and 20s are using 2G phones.  

And our mobile phone plan is more expensive than I thought.  

On the other hand, France only pays about 26,000 won a month for 20GB of data and unlimited text messages.  

In the past, a customer heard this and asked.  

Wow... Is that the only monthly fee for giving so much data?  

So I answered.  

It's cheap because the cell phone doesn't work well in the subway, highway, and even in the buildings in Paris!  

To this extent, we live in a high-tech society in the 21st century. Talk about it, but France is still slow.  

Because IT is not as advanced as Korea, the aggregation itself is impossible.  

And I don't think much about the whole like our country.  

Some French even said that it was uncivilized that they did not recognize personal privacy, based on the nation's tracking and handling of confirmed patient movements. But I want to ask.  

Hundreds and thousands of lives deserve to die to protect your privacy?  

They don't try to bend their minds even when others are hurt by their thorough individualism.  

Individuals are important, but so is the whole.  

Though self-consideration is always important in everything, we need flexibility depending on the situation... ...just look like a jealous little child's grunt to see us doing better than themselves.  

I often told the guests a joke as I proceeded with the tour.  

I love French culture and art. But there's one thing I don't like in France. It is the French people.  

France seems to still remain in the glory of the past.  

Wouldn't it be nice to put down your big nose now?  

What is the standard of being an advanced country after the Corona crisis?I ponder the idea that  

Of course, not every question in the world has an answer.  

But the important thing seems to be a corporation that develops even more when it bows and becomes humble depending on the situation, not just holding its head high.  

A difficult time for everyone, not just me.  

Instead of being jealous, jealous, and trying to steal others' things, I hope they get through each other's backs.  

I hope it'll be a blessing in disguise for everyone, not just me.  

Way to go!  

