---
title: hobbies, crafts, daily life
subtitle : Story#202008240253
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - hobbies
 - crafts
 - daily life
date : 2020-08-23T17:53:03+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1495175448924-1d9a30c90a42?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

It must have been his fifth year at work. As usual, I was looking at the monitor screen at work and suddenly I thought why I was doing this. How much should we add to this life in the future? I felt it was a waste of time to see the computer and then fall down one by one when I go home.  

I'm tired of my daily life that feels like a chat-wheel, and when I show my innermost thoughts to my close family or acquaintances, I'm like that.  

Like children, grouching like children, who have turned away from those who have yet to find work.  

The exercise I was doing every day after work at the time became like a routine, and I wasn't very interested in it.  

Is there anything new?  

That day, I had lunch at work and was reading news articles. I usually ride on other people's blogs and read them well, but that day, I happened to watch the Ratan class class in a workshop. It was very attractive to make a piece of work by wetting it with water in Ratan's heart.  

On that day, I fell in love with Ratan craft and found a Ratan workshop near my house, and I took the Ratan One Day class on the same day. My personality is to put it into action as soon as I make up my mind. I compliment you.  

Starting with the Ratan One Day class, I had a hobby of daily trilogy and fell into the rattan craft that I started with. I never thought the results from the tip of my hand would be so good. I usually thought that making something by hand was not my area, but I thought that I would not know what I was good at and liked unless I tried it from Ratan.  

one's hobby becomes a daily routine  

a four-part series  

After a year, starting with the one-day class, I'm still spending my daily routine. I'm not doing anything big. We continue to weave what we like, distribute it to the people around us, and share it together.  

Unlike before, sales are the main business on weekdays.  

