---
title: Daily life, rest
subtitle : Story#202008240947
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - rest
date : 2020-08-24T00:47:34+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1587304655887-26ae59180a79?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Find the right way to walk and rest from the boundaries of your daily life, work and rest.  

Namaste~ Oh! The first half of the year... It's already July. I feel like it went by so quickly. Do you feel the same way? The time has come to focus on the things waiting for the second half of the year. To achieve your goals and business plans that you all wished for at the beginning of the new year~ To spend the rest of the year well! It seems very important to take a good rest at this point. If your body and mind are healthy, your work will be efficient. In that sense, I talked with our members about our precious daily lives under the theme of 'How to rest properly'.  

This meeting will be a surprise~ As a book talk guest! The writer Kim Min-ji was with us. A cup of tea with a sweet and fresh scent, a cup of yoga, a mosquito-scented smell, a warm atmosphere! It was so nice to talk about my daily life with the book Salon in June.  

https://bit.ly/3g2oXXJ  

What does yoga mean to you?  

Full of imagination~ Yoga story with drum salons who like mythological stories!  

Those who met yoga for the first time and those who usually enjoy yoga read yoga books and shared a lot of fun stories about yoga. In fact, yoga terms that are full of Sanskrit are difficult and yoga philosophy is often hard to relate to, and there are many opinions that it is easy to understand and interesting to solve the meaning of yoga posture based on a myth that is generally elaborately woven. Who's gonna do the peacock pose? What's your favorite posture? We talked about yoga positions.  

To walk properly! I learned mountaineering with the author. You can't just stand there! Stand straight, apply pressure evenly on both feet and straighten your chest! Straighten your back! I followed the basic yoga posture.  

Special thanks to you! Thank you for joining the Kim Minji Book Salon Club. >..<  

How to rest in the midst of everyday busyness.  

I think yoga and walking in the garden are all ways to heal your body and mind and find rest. We've listened to the book salon's resting in such busyness that we want to go out of our bodies.  

Starting with yoga, where you calmly empty your mind and concentrate fully on yourself, without doing anything! He introduced ways to relax between work and rest, such as spacing out, meditation, traveling, shopping, watching Netflix, and so on.  

For my job, I have to provide work on deadlines rather than on fixed hours, such as from 9 to 5 a day, and it's good to finish work quickly, but not often. Therefore, I often have to work late at night, so I think I should take more efficient rest at times like this. For me, relaxation is a disconnect from the world, that is, spending time alone away from everything except myself. The length of time itself doesn't matter. I think it would be effective enough to spend an hour a day alone or even 30 minutes alone. There are many ways to spend time alone. You can read, you can watch movies. Sometimes I do a variety of bare body exercises in the garden, from breathing fresh air to focusing on breathing, and yoga is one of them is one of them. Especially, after the early morning rain in the rainy season, taking a deep breath outside makes me feel refreshed by the wet grass and the smell of the soil. People say you should think out the box when you can't think of an idea, but how do you open up when you don't actually get out of the box? To me, taking a break is like giving me time to objectify everything I'm doing in a box like that - Future Book Salon Han Sang-woo.  

What was the most recent gift you gave me?  

When I think about the most recent gift you gave me, I think I know what I like and who I am. From the story of a person who likes to write until the usefulness of an item is complete, to the attitude of trying to consume it with your own standards without being swayed by others, to the satisfaction of a successful delicious dish! The charm of cooking and the consumption of content that is vital to everyday life... Thinking consumption! The world of consumption has also been in full swing.  

Book talk where we can focus on our bodies and our daily lives.  

I hope you all enjoyed it.  

Oh! The 2nd Future Book Salon is about to have a farewell meeting in late July. We are planning a fun 3rd meeting by referring to each of the opinions given by the book salon. Also, we are planning to recruit members in the second half of the year, so please give us a lot of attention and love! ><  

