---
title: Daily life, Essay, Corona
subtitle : Story#202008241838
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - Essay
 - Corona
date : 2020-08-24T09:38:08+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1579976512834-a24de50c3fe8?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Half a year has passed since Corona19 began. I always thought it would end quickly, like other infectious diseases that passed by, regardless of my daily life.  

But long after it began, again, the government has reached the stage of strengthening social distance.  

These days, people around me often say they didn't know the trip was going to be the last one.  

It tells us that the last trip was a trip that he left without much expectation, a business trip that he took with his tired body, and a travel destination that he had postponed to go when he had time next time.  

It was nothing then, but now I realize that it was a truly precious moment.  

I didn't know Amsterdam would be my last overseas trip. I was very stressed because I went on a business trip with the weekend from Saturday to Tuesday.  

But now I look back at the pictures of that time and attach meaning to 2020.  

I didn't know it was so precious to be able to go where I could reach.  

I didn't know it was special to go where I wanted to go, feel it with my skin, touch it with my hands, look with my eyes and listen to it with my ears.  

Such time has now become a heterogeneous feeling and the idea that one can no longer be as free as before makes one's mind feel stuffy.  

I miss that time and regret it on the one hand.  

It's as if I regretted not having played enough when I was a college student for a long time since I joined the company for the first time. But if I think about it again, not only Corona 19, but also my life has regrets all over it.  

It's hard to tell whether life is originally about regret and regret, or if I'm still not sure how to live well. Where did I come from and where am I going?  

Obviously, I live to go somewhere, but I haven't been able to go anywhere for a while and I feel stuck.  

I remember an episode in the movie 'God lives in the Neighborhood'. In the movie, God's daughter tells everyone the day she dies.  

Ironically, people who find out the day of death begin to do what they want to do, rather than grieve.  

Like being gay, raising gorillas, or starting love. It's harsh and sad but beautiful that you can do what you really want to do only after you know the day of your death.  

Back in the original text, people would have walked, watched and felt harder if they had known January 2020 was the last time they had to go somewhere. I would have done enough not to delay and regret what I wanted to do.  

Yeah, whatever it is might be the last. To look at someone's face, the food they eat now, what they're doing, where they are now. I don't want to leave any regrets in my life anymore.  

