---
title: Thailand, Southeast Asia Travel, Daily Life
subtitle : Story#202008242056
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Thailand
 - Southeast Asia Travel
 - Daily Life
date : 2020-08-24T11:56:45+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1595385952657-d71565eb55b1?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

  

When I open my eyes, I can hear raindrops falling out of the window. Vida, Vida! How could this be all the right timing? The usual drizzle of rain is just a joy today. When I opened the door and went out, the green rice paddies spread out to the mountains. People strode between rice paddies and weed out the stalks. The joy of rain. Today's lodging is the home of an elderly couple who seem to have retired. The main building is a fairly spacious house with a large garage and garden, and the wooden annex is built on the second floor facing the rice paddies. An old couple's house built next to a rice paddy? There is no place like this to feel the vitality of the rain to relieve the drought. The table is covered with fried rice. Sunflower is decorated with sliced cucumbers. I keep thinking about my parents.  

Drink a cup of warm hot chocolate, get some more sleep, and write postcards to friends. It seems that the journey has eased a little. I'm thinking of going to some temples today. Nan is a small city of about 20,000 people. It is said that there are as many as 50 temples scattered in this small area. In terms of Korea, the main street, which is about 500 meters in radius of the national museum, is home to nine major temples, cafes, and shops. Shiga has not been well-divided like Ayutthaya or Chiang Mai, but has kept the naturally occurring alleys intact, and houses have not been built by any rules. I guess it's because of the curvature of the river. It seems to have been quite flooded, given the traces of the river's grain flow to its heart's content. For example, Ugakho Lake, where river streams have been blocked by sediments and become conical ponds, or 河河 하중 하중, an island in the river. In any case, the flooded rivers would have been fertile by eating the organic matter carried by water, and agriculture would have flourished.  

Take Route 101 to the main street. I was so distracted last night that I didn't even know there was a river by the road. We are going to visit Wat Phra Noi, the Whispering Lovers in the mural, and Wat PhuminWat Phumin, the symbol of the orchid. It happened to clear up.  

Suddenly Nicholas stops. Check the wheels, saying the motorbike is unstable. The grooves in the rear wheel tires are worn out. It's not burnt and worn out, but it's the shape of a groove melted by strong heat. This is because they drive long distances (high-speed) in such a short period of time. Seeing it melt little by little to the grooves on both sides, he smiles. Why are you laughing? This is because the rider's driving ability is proven by how evenly the tires are worn. It means I rode it with the wheels tilted well. In any case, when the groove is worn out, friction with the road surface decreases, making it easier to slip and even more dangerous because it does not properly play the role of sending water out of the rain. On a wet mountain path, it is a shortcut to heaven. I go to a nearby repair shop. Tire replacement costs 7,000 baht (approximately 266,000 won).  

Call Mark to explain the whole story and send him a photo and a garage address. Mark asked Chiang Rai if it was okay to solve it, but we suggest that we should change it as soon as possible. He coolly says he wants to talk to the garage and says 10 minutes later, he'll go change his tire tomorrow morning. You told me to bring the receipt on the way here. That's when I feel relieved. Go up to the temple.  

We are greeted by steep stairs that are close to a high pass. I'm going to see heaven here, whether it's tire grooves or not. The intense combination of red and yellow and green makes my eyes confused for a moment. I see father and son running up in sportswear. Father gives up halfway and goes up with one hand on the waist and one hand holding the railing. We're leaving, too. To forget the pain, we start the game of rock-paper-scissors, but at this rate, we stop because the sun will set and arrive. The more you go up, the less you talk and the lower your head. When the envoys to Forbidden City passed through the big doors one by one in the scorching sun and faced the emperor sitting at the highest level, they bowed down. Like them, I would be humble if I stood in front of Buddha. The more you approach the summit, the steeper the slope is. My legs are shaking because I'm exhausted or scared.  

The Wat Phra blame Cao Noi is really small. To the point where the locals quietly worship the Buddha, the white JR, and the golden Buddha are all. Gold Buddha is 9 meters tall. It is said to have been built in 1999 to commemorate the sixth anniversary of the king's accession. I can see the city at a glance. The airport on the left (north of the map) and the temples in the middle, the rivers and paddies on the right. The sight of a waterfall surrounded by not high mountains. A small town without a single tall building. From time to time, you can see the soaring roof of the temple. The small tower, which is a wait-and-see view of the eastern mountain, bears the sign 'DO NOT WOMAN UP THE STAIRS'. Nicholas goes up with a tongue twister. You can sometimes see 'No Woman' signs at temples in northern Thailand. It is said that monks are prohibited from contacting women's bodies, or that it is a custom based on Buddhist doctrines, but it is difficult to understand. While Nicholas was up there, he had nothing to do, so he played with a bucket on his head. He comes down and hands me the video he took. They tell me to play it when I'm alone someday. But there is a parking lot to the east. That means there's a road ahead. It's late. I shudder down the stairs again.  

I go to see the mural of Wat Phumin. Among the murals, the slender men and women are famous for their smiling eyes and whispering. I can't miss this couple for souvenirs. The temple, built in 1596, is uniquely seated with four Buddhas facing each side of the door. On the inside wall of the temple, there is a jakata jakata, which depicts the life of the Buddha. I'm sorry to Buddha, but I'm more interested in interesting characters in between. Is it like the 19th century's "#I'm #difficulty?" Smokers, marbles, fish hunters, monks, infidelity couples, snakes, lovers who make a strong love (and a peeping boy). There is also a scene where white people wearing fedora appear on steamboats. Based on this painting, the date of the mural painting is estimated to be in the mid- to late 1890s. Because in 1893, the kingdom allowed France part of its territory. I've been to Indochina. There is no place without French breath. The performance of imperialism is amazing. France, the Netherlands and Britain are intertwined on this distant land. Thailand is mainly France. The northern part of Thailand has a lot to do with the United Kingdom, which occupied Myanmar at that time.)  

Whispering is one of those unusual people. Because the man is so open-minded. A wide earlobe that resembles a piercing, a mustache that will cry even in Salvador Dali, a top-down, a red tattoo, a leg and a black tattoo that is thrown between the sky and the bottom. There is a slight touch of the woman's hand. I don't know if it's a couple or a fling, but... Thanks to the interesting murals, the small temple is full of life. There is no more valuable material to show the lifestyle of the times. Just like our late Joseon folk paintings. Like Kim Deuk-shin's "Pagokdo" chasing a cat that takes away chicks, Kim Hong-do's "Seodang" where he cries after being beaten by the instructor, and Shin Yun-bok's "Dano Poongjeong" where he peeps with women who swing and wash their hair on the Dano day. This is what the orchid looked like 150 years ago. It is interesting to see Buddha looking at these human beings in all directions.  

I look around for a cup of coffee. These days, there are many emotional cafes. Most cafes close at 6 o'clock. The market was almost closed as well. It's a city with a "life with dinner." The money on the main street led me to look around the main street. This city, what should I say? It's neat and true. The streets are clean and the buildings and facilities are consistent. A dragon-shaped pear ornament is placed on top of a street lamp. A long dragon guarded the entrance of Wat Phumin, and the long steps of Wat Phra's fault Cao Noi were also decorated with green dragons. Dragons stood guard everywhere.  

Nan is not impatient or crowded. In the park, the ladies do gymnastics to Thai trot. Run by the river. Teenagers tramp along the riverside following friends on board the boat. It is said that traditional boat games are held here in autumn. If you paint the mural of the 21st century orchid, these landscapes will be drawn.  

I couldn't drink coffee. Instead, I stopped by the night market for dinner. Raindrops fall off and on and off and turn into heavy rain. The cart bar looks similar, so we go into any house. But when the owner says Nicholas is from France, he suddenly speaks French. It was not French that I learned from tourists. It felt like living in the country without fail to answer "Oui," which means "yes," "Ouai," not once, but friendship, twice naturally. On a rainy night, I listen to the story of my uncle's life in a cart bar. He is said to have worked at the Swiss Embassy. I didn't ask why the Thai countryside has a cart bar. Uncle looks happy to be able to speak French after a long time. I hear stories from an old man who stops by the table every now and then. I order another bottle of beer because it doesn't rain enough. The night lengthens. A day goes by in me.  

Today's #I'm #Rain #Homestay #Wattry #Tirewear #Wattry #Wattry_KaoNo #Gold Buddha #Norman #Wappumin #Wall_Wall #Wall #Wood #Clean #Life with Dinner #Trot Gymnastics #Yongbae #Night Market #Paved wagon #And Bobbies  

