---
title: Travel, Daily Life, Minimal Life
subtitle : Story#202008241521
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Travel
 - Daily Life
 - Minimal Life
date : 2020-08-24T06:21:59+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1469796466635-455ede028aca?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

*2020, June 7th.  

Every day has been six months, as if it were a daily life, a trip, not a daily life or a trip. I made my second visit to Porto in mid-November last year for about 10 days to prepare for the migration. As I proceeded with the necessary procedures, I spent 20 days at the accommodation, extending the accommodation I booked at Bu**Com for another 10 days, and moved to another temporary accommodation for the remaining finishing process for two months. As soon as I was about to move to Lyon in February when the Corona news began and finish the rest of the work, I rushed out of my body due to traffic restrictions on March 17 and brought only about a few clothes until spring. I hope we can go back and clean up soon.  

I didn't know that my body and mind were very tired because all the necessities of life were prepared for travelers to my first and temporary accommodation. However, living in an apartment without a round table, four chairs, and two beds in the middle of the basic kitchen and living room was a strange and uncomfortable life, deprived of the basic conveniences that were naturally enjoyed in everyday life, instead of having to clean up or clean up. At the same time as freedom freed from small things, the daily comforts that can be obtained from small things were neither lost nor lost, nor traveled, an awkward and physically very tired routine.  

There's no consort next to the bed, so you have to put your cell phone and tablet on a small plastic chair, bend your back every time you use it, so you have to send a signal, wear long thick arms in over 20 degrees of weather, wear warm ankle boots in February on a midday walk over 30 degrees, and walk around in the hot sun with a turtleneck T-shirt, and sneak peek at them.  

Beginning in March and reaching about three months, I could not bear the slightest inconvenience, and I could see the very short patience and the illusion of life that I needed without delay. Things that must have been done were solved without it over time, and things that seemed unbearable were not so uncomfortable as to be in such a big trouble after spending a couple of days. I spent some of my days organizing and spending a little time at the table reading and writing, which was by no means a small amount.  

The spring summer clothes in Lyon's wardrobe will be covered with dust, but the two of us are now sweating with clothes from early winter? early spring. Three months ago I would have already gone out to buy short-sleeved clothes, but now I can bear it a little. For three months, patience and living expenses hardened, and even a husband with a thrifty spirit became good. And I am really thankful to God that this week it is cool with fresh wind around 20 degrees to help with the weather that was going up to 30 degrees. Fortunately, general stores and amenities were opened to purchase from June 1, and flights in Europe started operating normally from July, booking tickets to Lyon in early July. In a month, I will be able to move back to my old convenient life.  

This very basic time, which cannot be called simple, was a very uneasy and uncomfortable experience that could never be expected in life. In fall, this life, which was extremely simple last spring and summer, may seem fictional like a novel, but I think "Minimal Life," which came without any notice and somehow experienced it, may be a milestone in the life that needs to be renewed here.  

