---
title: Daily life, Vlogs, Happiness
subtitle : Story#202008260710
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - Vlogs
 - Happiness
date : 2020-08-25T22:10:55+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1586271180169-ad4f4a62b915?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Nice to meet you, Livday family.  

How do our family usually spend Friday? I think I have a special feeling on Friday. Actually, Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays are all physically the same time, but Fridays are unusually sweet as if you've put sugar on them. And Friday is always exciting. I feel relaxed even if I don't do anything special.  

IU's "Friday" is a masterpiece that melts Friday's excitement. In the past, I thought about how happy I would be if I stayed on Fridays, but if a week were gold, gold, gold, gold, gold, and gold, the meaning of Friday itself would disappear. I usually prefer quiet places, but I like the noisy atmosphere on Fridays, weekends, and holidays.  

The weather is getting warmer these days, so there are a lot of people who drink on outdoor terraces. It's as if you were traveling to Southeast Asia.  

I feel more excited because it also feels like a tourist's street.  

But, actually, I don't enjoy drinking. Thankfully, I can drink well, but the pleasure of drinking isn't that great for me. In the past, it used to be so hard to force myself to drink in inevitable situations like company dinners, but now it doesn't happen.  

Of course, there are times when you have a few drinks a year or on special occasions.  

Sometimes I really want a drink. I don't know much about alcohol personally, but I like wine or makgeolli. And the absolute rule that applies to me when I drink is that only one drink is the best. There are times when I drink more, but I feel like I can't drink more than a glass. Still, drinking with people you really care about makes me feel twice as happy.  

Sooner or later, I'm going to go to a Hanok pension not far away from my friends and take a rest, but if I have delicious food and a light drink,  

I'm sure you'll be happy. I'm already excited like a kid waiting for a picnic. I'll tell you the story when I get back.  

Unless you drink too much or drink too much, you like to drink or respect the culture enough. I don't know if it sounds boring, but for me, a walk at night is the best on Friday. I'm excited because the usual walk feels different because of the specialness that Friday gives me.  

And I really like going to the bookstore on Friday, not on a walk. Surprisingly, there are so many people in the bookstore even on Friday. Last Friday, I went to Aladdin's secondhand bookstore and read a book. When you enter Kyobo Bookstore, you can see the unique diffuser scent. The calm and fragrant scent is good, but when you go to a secondhand bookstore, the smell of old books and the natural traces of time are also very attractive. Aladdin, which I often go to, is a cafe and bookstore where I can drink coffee, so it's spacious and easy to read. In the past, I used to buy and store a lot of books, but I couldn't handle them anymore.  

So now I only have books I want to read again, sell books I don't read often, and buy new books. The circulation of books definitely made me feel relaxed. And selling books is also quite fun. Do you know secret?  

It's about what you're thinking, but if you just listen to it, it may sound like a delusion, but if you look at it, it's very scientific. It's also closely related to psychology. In a big way, we're talking about attitudes and perspectives about life, so if we apply this law well, we can live a richer life internally and externally.  

Of course, it's not easy to practice.  

These days, I'm reading a list of related books, and the book I bought from a secondhand bookstore is called "Reality Transcoping" written by a Russian physicist. It's really interesting and there's a lot to learn, but I find it difficult because unfamiliar terms and concepts often appear. I'm going to read it several times. It's about "Fate can't be changed, but you can choose." If I have a chance later, I'll give you more details.  

First, I'll read you a part that touched your heart.  

No one has the right to judge you. You have the right to exist as you are. 155p  

You need to have a simpler attitude toward life. Don't ignore, don't exaggerate. Don't think too much about whether people are good or bad. Accept the world as it is. 170p  

How do you spend your Friday night? What do you do to feel happy? Whatever you do, I respect your taste and daily life, so don't put it off until the future, and I hope you are very happy right now.  

I love you.  

Our existence, fighting!!  

*If you enjoyed reading this, the next one will be fun, too.  

