---
title: daily life,puppy,poodle
subtitle : Story#202008262019
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life 
 - puppy 
 - poodle
date : 2020-08-26T11:19:54+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1514855333255-65e03dd92cdc?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Eat, sleep, pack, and play. It's Coco's job. I didn't ask anyone to do it, and I'm not doing it for anyone. But I get energy from Coco's work. Coco's work makes me laugh. The same pattern is repeated every day but not boring at all. It's new every day.  

Coco's work - sleeping episode  

Coco has two main sleeping positions. To sleep curled up or lying down. The ancestor of a dog is a wolf. Pears are a weakness for animals. I sleep curled up to protect my stomach. Even the slightest hint wakes you up quickly. Dogs with wolf genes should also sleep curled up. When a dog sleeps with its belly showing, it feels safe and comfortable. I feel proud that Coco seems to have provided me with comfort when I sleep with her belly open. Cuteness is a bonus.  

Coco's Work - Playback  

When I lie down and play with my smartphone, Coco picks up the ball and throws it in front of me. It means to play ball. Coco has a clear expression of opinion. If you touch your smartphone without knowing the ball that Coco brought, you will push your hand with your nose. This means that you should pay attention to yourself, not to your smartphone.  

No one knows the end of the ball game that starts like that. I throw the ball endlessly and Coco picks it up endlessly. It's a hell of balls. There is a high probability that the hell gate will open on a day without a walk. It's clear that Coco has a fixed amount of energy to use per day. The ball game is over when you use up all your energy.  

Coco's work - Bob's side  

Bite a grain of feed and throw it. Repeat the throw a few times. If you throw it excitedly, the feed rolls under the refrigerator. At first, he scratches the refrigerator to take it out. There's no way feed will come out. Scratch it a few times and if you can't, look at me. I'm asking you to get me out.  

You must eat a grain of feed under the refrigerator. Even if there are a lot of food in the rice bowl, if you can't eat the food you throw, you won't look at the rice bowl. When I get the feed out, I start emptying the rest of the rice bowl after taking the one pill.  

You can't take out feed from under the refrigerator with your bare hands. Tools should be used. The conditions of the tool should be thin and long enough to scan under the refrigerator. At first, I used a ruler. It was comfortable for me, but it was uncomfortable, not something I always carry around. It needed a device that was similar to a ruler and could always be carried. The answer was close at hand. If someone asks me what's the best thing about using a Galaxy Note, I'll answer like this.  

You can take out the feed from under the refrigerator.  

Coco's work - poop episode  

After pooping, Coco runs around the house to express the joy of a pleasant bowel movement with her whole body. You can tell if you pooped or peed just by looking at the steps. Coco's bathroom is in a small room. When Coco walks out of the small room, she peed and when she runs out, she poops. He is cute when he often walks and jumps out.  

the preciousness of everyday life  

My husband and I went to Vietnam for our honeymoon. I stayed at Full Villa, which costs about 400,000 won a day, and it was "days and days" that made me so happy that I thought, "If I can't buy happiness with money, wouldn't there be a shortage of balance?" I know you like Full Villa, but I can't go anymore because my hands are shaking. The bank account balance is small and precious.  

The first wedding anniversary was spent at a pension in Gapyeong. It was a pension with a dog. On our trip with Coco, we had a perfect day. Happiness is not a particular emotional state. All the different emotions that make you feel good are happiness. It's happiness if you feel good even if it's small. A day that's not special but makes me smile, that's why I get energy from Coco's work.  

