---
title: daily life, people, future
subtitle : Story#202008261302
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life
 - people
 - future
date : 2020-08-26T04:02:10+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1517448922956-1efc1c6cc09c?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

#Future #Daily #People... I really like the combination of three words.  

Let's see. The person who enjoys the future I want to live in in my daily life... Where is it?  

We copy when we want to achieve something. Benchmark in jargon.  

It's good to experience indirectly while reading books, but if you're with someone who naturally paints the future that you're drawing through people, you might suddenly be jealous, but where is luck like that?  

I'm embarrassed, but I really want to confess honestly.  

My daily life now was the future that I wanted to live for a long time.  

I woke up later than usual at 7:23 today, but I meditated as soon as I woke up, and I went to a meeting yesterday and sent a business mail because I had the data that I would send later. There was an interesting lecture on post-corona society, so I shared it with some people who wanted to share content while listening. I received a few replies saying thank you and asked them how they were doing. I made a late lunch appointment with the representative who I have been interacting with recently at Began restaurant in Itaewon tomorrow. I got a message from the person I work with. I was asked to call if there is any issue because I will be outside the office today. The distance from home to the office is less than two meters. In the morning, he and Han discussed SNS marketing and handled the work. I shared the lecture because there was something the person working with didn't know. We learned and applied it right away. There was a simple translation job, so I contacted around to find an expert. It's been a little over a week since I had an intermittent fast. After 12 o'clock, I had a quick lunch and left home.  

In the afternoon, I write at a writing club. An art student in his early twenties, an editor in his mid thirties, at the end of his thirties.  

Not many people are able to come to the daytime meetings during the week, which makes me more happy, and makes me wonder about their daily lives.  

Today's topic is the person who wants to live in the future.  

I'm overwhelmed by the fact that I'm living my daily life of the past before dreaming of a better future.  

The daily life of working, writing, and being satisfied with the present...  

My daily life is free, but there are many things I always have to choose and take responsibility for.  

Nevertheless... And yet...  

  

