---
title: I want to be a writer, a classic, daily life, music.
subtitle : Story#202008261807
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - I want to be a writer
 - a classic
 - daily life
 - music
date : 2020-08-26T09:07:33+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1591622180707-5d64f8113354?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Who did it? The moment you find an old song, you're old. The songs on the top of the music charts don't suit your taste, so when you play the playlist that you made three years ago, you're entering the older generation. I got goose bumps as soon as I heard this. That's right. I started listening to only the songs I enjoyed listening to in my school days two years ago. Girls' Generation's "Into the New World" or 2pm's "10 out of 10." These days, 'songs' don't stick to the ear at all. When preparing breakfast or cleaning, "the old songs" are essential.  

By the way, classical music, an old song too old to be called 'an old song,' began to settle down in my day. I don't even remember when and why I started listening. But he slowly entered the world of classical music. Sometimes I feel overwhelmed because so many thoughts float in my head. The ideas are mainly reflections on past events, worries about future goals, and obsession with deficiencies. Classics are so familiar that they don't even think, "What's this song?" that it saves me from being so quiet in so many thoughts.  

The moment I usually listen to classical music is evening time. Dinner time after work is my favorite time because I can concentrate on myself without any interruption. I have my own routine to enjoy classical music. First of all, I insist on tea with music. I usually enjoy Louisvos tea or lotus leaf tea without caffeine. Then search for 'Classic Random Play' in the music application. Then, classical music, which I've heard a lot, comes out from somewhere. Because they are music that I listened to thoughtlessly on the streets, department stores, and cafes, conditionally, I become 'not thinking'. Is there a better stabilizer for me, who is looking for a state of "no thought"? Also, it effectively blocks me from the world. If I keep a diary while listening to classical music, I can focus on myself without being cut off from the world.  

When you play the most viewed playlist, you usually listen to classical music that is familiar to everyone. In particular, songs such as Vivaldi's Four Seasons and Chopin's Roxton are not missed on any playlist. However, there is a song that always stops me from doing what I'm doing. It is Beethoven's second movement. Especially, when I play the inscriptions played by pianist Cho Sung-jin or Baek Gun-woo, I am not lonely in my room alone. There are days when life is overwhelming and pleasant, and days when I feel depressed and distressed for no reason, and "painting" supports me regardless of my mood. (The expression 'support' would be more appropriate because it gives me strength even on days when there is no need for comfort.) Beethoven's inscriptions comforted me no matter what day I lived and patted me, saying, "You did a great job today." As Beethoven wrote as he lost his hearing, many people feel the emotion of "Sad," but at least for me, it is a cheering song that supports my life.  



I've been trying hard to live up to my social clock. I've become an office worker for my age, and I'm always anxious at the same time, even though I go to work diligently every day. The heart-tight competition is so familiar that the word "fail" makes the heart sink. Classic is the only 'slow' moment in my daily life. Since classical music has no lyrics, listening to classical music gives me time to take a look at how I feel today and think about who I am. For a moment, the breathless worries of "What do I do tomorrow?" and "What's my goal left?" will not be mine. I love classical music so much that it is a comma-like moment in my life when it has been the greatest virtue to roll quickly and efficiently.  

