---
title: Daily life, snail, libday
subtitle : Story#202008260742
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - snail
 - libday
date : 2020-08-25T22:42:21+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1593150760735-aa6a9dae5d80?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Hello, Livday.  

This time, I'm going to share a little bit of my small, ordinary life over the past week. There's nothing much, but I think it'd be nice to just feel like you're chatting with a friend.  

a walk every day after day  

First of all, I didn't skip walking every day starting from some point in May this week. Sometimes it's hard when it's really hot or rainy, but since I'm walking hard these days, my insomnia is gone and I'm so happy that I slept well. And I couldn't be happier if I had a cool night breeze at night.  

Oh, and after reading 'The Walking Man' many times, I thought actor Ha Jung-woo was a good person.  

So this week, I watched Ha Jung Woo's movie Tunnel. I cried so much while watching the movie. I laughed and cried. I really enjoyed it. After watching the movie, I felt thankful for the things I enjoy in my daily life and felt that water is so precious and precious. Especially when it's hot these days, a sip of water that you drink while walking or exercising is as sweet as honey.  

two passenger snails  

Something special happened. My mom sometimes sends me a box full of food. My acquaintance gave me a lot of lettuce and sent me side dishes and lettuce. The lettuce is wrapped once in a kitchen towel and sealed tightly.  

I was going to keep the lettuce in the refrigerator's vegetable room, wash it, and eat it, but something fell off the lettuce. It was a pretty big snail, almost the size of a thumbnail, but after being in the fridge for a long time, I thought I was dead. Just in case, I put it on a kitchen towel and when I washed the lettuce, I found the antennae coming out of it out.  

First, the old sheep used to boil the dishcloth was put in a pot with lettuce. I'm trying to release it, but the next day or two, another little snail came out of the lettuce. I thought it wouldn't be lonely because it's two of them, but they didn't seem to be interested in each other at all. First of all, I live in one house sharing lettuce with snails.  

I wonder what to do. I'm thinking about letting you go somewhere, but I'm worried that you'll die because of the scorching sun.  

Maybe it's because snails eat a lot of fiber, but they poop really well. Contrary to expectations, gum is not green shit, but poop. I'm cleaning up the poop every day, giving out fresh lettuce, and watering it.  

eating pattern  

I also eat a lot of lettuce when I eat at home. I think organic lettuce grown more fresh and delicious than mart lettuce. These days, I tend to eat more freely in the pattern of intermittent fasting from 20:4 to 16:8 than just one meal a day. I made a fruit vegetable smoothie in the morning and it was perfect for a light breakfast or appetizer.  

I put half a tomato, five to six frozen strawberries, one medium banana, and five almonds in a blender and ground them. It's really good. Try it once.  

I've been craving corn like crazy for some time now. I searched the neighborhood and ended up buying hot waxy corn from the truck. I ate two big ones, and one meal was enough.  

It's the first time I've eaten dried radish greens as a memorable restaurant menu. It was so delicious that I was happy the whole time I ate it. It's a bit of a bargain. I really like perilla seeds, beans, red beans, mugwort. What kind of food do you like?  

Cafe Time  

And I really like going to cafes. It's good to have a small healing time, chat with friends, and read a book alone or be absent-mindedly, I'm so happy. I went to Twosome again this week. I also had a piece of cake with a coupon from the open event. Actually, I wanted to eat a cake, so I said, "I'll use the coupon within the deadline." So I made a lame excuse and chose a cake.  

Anyways, I chose this strawberry-rare cheese cake. It was so good that I enjoyed it.  

Finish  

I think I was having a lot of fun talking with my friend after a lot of fun. I think Livert has a silent pressure to deliver information, so I tend to refrain from talking about this and that. I'm worried that it'll be too boring to talk about this on Livday. I'm happy to share my daily life with my family. I'm curious about their daily lives, so please share a lot of ordinary or special things.  

Thank you so much for being with us.  

I will love you a lot today!  



