---
title: daily life,corona,happiness
subtitle : Story#202008260000
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - daily life
 - corona
 - happiness
date : 2020-08-25T15:00:53+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1568068867323-988e8e59502a?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

"Spring" that doesn't look like "Spring" on campus.  

Today was also a spring day when cherry blossom leaves were smeared on the head knife in warm winds. There used to be such a warm wind in April. The campus was full of noisy and bright laughter students. Everything you see is the same, but on campus, there was a bright laugh and students disappeared like a lie.  

I remembered the story I heard from the professor I worked with before. He hinted at someone complaining that there was no space in the school parking lot.  

But aren't you grateful? That means the campus is crowded with students and students. People who have experienced the absence of students know. How sad it is.  

His previous university was eventually shut down because of the foundation's poor finances and governance. For those who had such experiences, cars packed in parking lots were not subject to complaints but to gratitude.  

decide to take a leave of absence and leave of absence  

A few days ago, a non-executive director decided to close a company. When I was at a college of education, it was an after-school company that started with the help of the school, hoping it would help students get a job. College students who first joined the company became middle-aged employees nine years later, and they were showing their abilities to the community. However, due to the aftermath of the Corona, the school's opening was delayed without knowing the deadline. Online classes were also impossible due to the nature of after-school classes. Administrative organizations that did not exist in the field could no longer be maintained. The Ministry of Employment and Labor was implementing a policy to compensate some of the employees' salaries, which could have minimized some of the financial damage they suffered, but it was far from enough to compensate them who had been running nonstop.  

the sudden absence of daily life  

As such, we began to concede one by one what we enjoyed for granted. Spring has come, but preschoolers cannot go to daycare centers and kindergartens. Children who enter school but cannot go to school start school online and spend more time in reading rooms, cafes, and PC rooms. Homework, which was a special way of working, has emerged as a common form of work, and freelancers and self-employed people are threatened with living every day. Those who had been purely Christian throughout their lives were also forced to live in a church where craftsmanship was suspended for the first time.  

Can I be happy in the absence of daily life?  

Our usual routine has disappeared. Can we be happy in the absence of daily life?  

People will have different ideas about this. The absence of daily life may be accepted as another daily life, and the new daily life may contain happiness. In some cases, happiness may be suspended for a while, waiting for the lost life to return. Others may no longer see the hope of dreaming of happiness. As such, the current environmental changes are unprecedentedly dramatic and the anxiety that they may recover is likely to overwhelm the current situation.  

This article is written for those who meditate on daily necessities rather than for those who accept the absence of daily life triggered by the Corona virus as another daily routine.  

What does "deficiency" and "absence" mean to our lives? Is it just a negative situation that takes away happiness from our lives?  

benefit of 'deficit'  

Deficiency still makes us tired, but it also makes us a good teacher. Through lack and loss, humans often realize how precious things they had were. The word 'do well when you are' presupposes deficiency and loss. Our children open their eyes at 7 a.m. and start active activities. I want to sleep a little more, but when children wake up early, I sometimes think that I want to sleep late without them. Every time I do that, I am appalled and imagine my daily life when children really disappeared. I hate to think about it, but reflection and imagination of the absence of children often make me realize how precious the reality I am now is.  

"Happiness" when you keep eating the same thing as "happiness" when you first eat.  

Limit utility is inherently 'feeling'. Would economists call it a "law"? If you keep eating the food that was delicious at first, it becomes tasteless.  

I am ashamed but I started cooking after 8 years of marriage. When I started, I felt sorry for my wife and children for not being able to enter the kitchen due to vague fears. My wife and children responded sincerely to my sincere cooking. Just the fact that my father cooked for me cheered, danced while I was eating, and came and kissed me. My wife lavished praise on me, saying, "I'm so happy to be cooking." But after a month or so, I couldn't think of a new menu anymore. It would have been possible if it had been a little more diligent, but now no longer came up with a new menu to inspire children's cheers, and it has come to repeat the menu I did before. The children's cheers slowly diminished, and when they made the same menu four or five times a week, they began to complain about the food again. As soon as I felt that my children's marginal utility began to feel rapidly, I began to feel my passion for cooking. As recognition and praise were given, the number of steps into the kitchen decreased.  I realized that in order to maintain happiness in cooking and eating, I had to think of a feeling of marginal utility.  

As such, life is perhaps a tough battle against the law of diminishing limits. It is a fateful fight against the law because it is a fight against the law. The man who wins this fight can get a little closer to happiness.  

The theory of happiness launched by the Deficit  

The current "deficit" seems to be leading us to a new place. We remember that even the warm sunlight, the mild air, the water flowing through the stream, the sound of children running around, and the gentle sound of waves coming from the sea could one day be taken away.  

The same is true of a small household where you can wake up in the morning and see the faces of your loved ones. These relationships have always been repeated, so sometimes they are too comfortable and too common to be considered precious. These relationships ironically lead to deficiency without experiencing deficiency. The latest movie, "Find Me," has such a line. The main character is the mother of a child whose son goes missing in the playground at the age of six. By the time the pain of missing people became dull and used to it, one of the lines from the mother's (Lee Young-ae) mouth reached my heart.  

When I was raising Yoon-soo, I was so tired that one day I thought I wanted someone to take my child away for just a week. It was so hard back then. Without Yoon-soo, how regretful I am.  

Post Corona, can we be happy?  

The experience of deficiency and loss will surely make us a little wiser. A comma and question mark were given at the same time in front of our lives, when we were living a busy and natural daily life and even the title to thank was fading. The lives of those who have properly penetrated these commas and question marks will change little by little. A fateful force may be given to overcome the natural course of marginal utility. If we experience a miracle that our daily lives, which were normal and natural, turn into happiness, it would be worth the huge tuition fees paid for the global Corona crisis.  

If the Corona crisis is over and we go back to our daily lives, what do we have in our hands? There will be various insights and discourse that each of us has found, but I pray and hope that it will not return to the "limited utility feeling" spiral again as if it were when.  

Haven't we all experienced daily 'deficiency'? The advantage of the 'none' people is that they know how to value 'what is' properly. Our happiness may begin with the value of 'what is' rather than 'what is' in our hands.  

