---
title: Daily life,home
subtitle : Story#202008260027
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - home
date : 2020-08-25T15:27:10+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1526487239775-b6e778742d48?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

Last summer, the workplace changed to a new city.  

A strange place?  

My worries, which always boast of late adaptation, have gone up like mountains.  

  

My stage of desire was staying in phase two, so I pondered which house to move to meet my desire for safety. The majority of employees move from work to the most scenic travel destination or school district, not Seoul, in the same neighborhood.  

But I made a completely different choice. My favorite scenery is that I want to go to a house that is wider than where I live now, where the house should be quiet, sunny and not often, near cultural facilities such as libraries and sports facilities. Satisfying these many things, cultural areas have called for greater spending than expected.  

My know-how to adapt quickly to a strange city!!!  

A pretty study that appeared in the movie "Butterfly Sleep." It used to be a living room and study in the old house, but making a pretty space in an independent space. To fill with fluttering. Into the house.  

  

Making every moment flutter in a small way makes my daily life a little more interesting, adapting to unfamiliar cities.  

Adapting to a strange city is not a local restaurant or a tourist destination, but a curious visit to my house and a small but certain happiness from home.  

Adapting to new places and performing at work...  

Some people are very disappointed with me because I am not like a person who came to a strange city.He refuses to help any native people in this area, nor does he ask. It is often seen as a strange, unknown person who is not very lonely and does not show interest in dinner meetings.  

I'd rather not have a dinner meeting because I have a lot of work to do at "My House."  

All right, let's go.  

