---
title: Mochi, daily life, and pets
subtitle : Story#202008261653
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Mochi
 - daily life
 - pets
date : 2020-08-26T07:53:15+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1545217431-172646ec8de6?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

June 17, Rain to announce summer. Pets are the most precious animals in the world.  

I searched through the cell phone picture without thinking and found a picture of a strange dog. I've been pondering for a long time where the picture was taken, and I've been wandering aimlessly. I remembered a cafe I found. I entered the cafe on the winding country road because I was amazed and it was a puppy playing in the house yard. Even before entering the entrance, the little dog that followed and walked with me spent a long time in the yard because it was cute.  

It wasn't until I was thirsty and the sun was hot that I entered the cafe, but until the moment the door was closed, the dog's blank stare bothered me and looked back again and again. Sitting in a shady window seat, I was looking at the puppy hovering around the same spot. When I asked the owner of the cafe to call out the dog's name and play with him, he told me a cute name called Mochi.  

Then he gave me cookies and told me a bit of a painful story. Mochi was originally raised by a neighbor, not by a cafe, and adopted Mochi, who was actually an abandoned dog. However, when the puppies that were originally raised at home failed to accept Mochi and were repeatedly bitten and kicked out every day, the owner reportedly asked the owner of the cafe to do so.  

Although he accepted the situation because he couldn't help it, the cafe owner said he was afraid of dogs and could not play with them properly. They just make a house in the yard and take care of food, water, and snacks. Sometimes you can meet the warmth of a mochi person when the original owner comes or the guests come. He also said he loves people so much and wants to be touched by them, but he still remains wary of his days as an abandoned dog, so if he suddenly gets close or puts his hand directly on his head, he runs away. But soon, he wags his tail and approaches a person again.  

It is said that on off-season days when there are no guests or when the original owner does not come, he spends his time staring blankly at the stone wall in the corner of the yard. When I stay in one place without moving my eyes or nose, I can't do this or that with my small back smaller. While talking to the boss at the only two cafe, he bitterly resented the first owner for abandoning such a cute child.  

Why did he go to pick him up when he couldn't even take responsibility for his life? I could feel round little black eyes looking at me over the window. Just looking at that little, cute, precious creature warmed my heart. Mochi is looking at me in the same spot, wagging his tail. He just looks at me without barking or begging me to come. How many times a day would I repeat such a wait?  

It was a pity to look used to waiting for someone. Being born with a precious life, being loved forever, sharing warmth with your partner, and sharing deep feelings will be a short life. Why does Mochi always have to wait for someone's warmth? Looking at Mochi, I once again recalled the heavy responsibility of bringing pets. I regretted my words with my mom that I wanted to raise a dog with a little light heart.  

It was time to go, so we greeted each other and left the cafe. When I opened the door, the rattle ran out at the bell. Mozzi sat slowly on the floor and reached out her hand, not to be surprised. I smelled it enough, poured my face on my own, and touched Mochi enough. Her fluffy hair, black nose, and small body were pretty. I don't know when I will come here again, but if I pass by here, I want to come to see Mochi.  

