---
title: travel, fun, daily life
subtitle : Story#202008261628
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - travel
 - fun
 - daily life
date : 2020-08-26T07:28:20+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1506197603052-3cc9c3a201bd?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

It is a big problem that everyday life is boring and boring.  

This is because if you think that your daily life is boring, your life will soon be considered boring, and then you may reach the point where you don't know why you live.  

Ideas are hard to come back out once you have fallen into a deep well.  

It's quick to get out, but you slip up a few times and then you barely come up.  

If you are trapped in it because it is hard to come up, you may become depressed.  

Travel helps to prevent such things.  

When I live in a strange city where I can't communicate and feel uncomfortable, I miss my original daily life.  

That's what I think is the best part of traveling.  

To find the value of everyday life.  

If you travel to a far country like Europe, most people seem to look back to the countries around the city, considering the time and flight costs. However, this has also changed as the travel continues.  

No matter how far you've come, you're only staying in one of the cities you're aiming for.  

travel through the city for days as if it were my neighborhood. When I see it, I get used to the unfamiliar scenery and start to feel like the city I originally lived in.  

There's nothing new about this city anymore, and even food doesn't suit your taste.  

I have to keep my drinking water, but now I'm getting tired of shopping at the mart.  

Then the time has come to leave the city.  

I miss the comfortable life of my city that was boring.  

Then it's time to go back.  

It's great to arrive at Incheon International Airport, where you can't smell anything after a long and arduous journey again.  

I guess you went so far to feel this.  

Overall I was close to the position of the Epicurus or Stoacists. It's like this, so to speak. The past has already passed. The future hasn't come yet and we don't know. Then let's just enjoy the present. What is it now? That I'm traveling, that's......... one of the reasons I really like traveling is that I can get away from these two dark shadows that threaten our present, regret over the past and anxiety about the future......Travel keeps us only in the present, free from daily cares, regrets and lingering feelings.  -->  < The Reason of Travel여행_Kim Young-ha  

However, the problem is that this is a time when it is difficult to even travel properly.  

So instead of traveling, the fun of finding it is the trip with eyes, but these days, I'm into the world of imagination.  

I saw other people's experiences of traveling to another world through a travelogue, and I saw a world with a "capital" that others would experience through a novel, and now I'm completely into a different world's story and fantasy.  

Writers have a great imagination.  

I'm jealous and jealous.  

And thank you for giving me interest.  




