---
title: Daily life, friends, stories
subtitle : Story#202008261357
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Daily life
 - friends
 - stories
date : 2020-08-26T04:57:19+0900
toc: false
images: 
thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1562391192-b667e32bda2d?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I bought pink and red flowers. A cute flower called 'Mandabella' that looks like a narrow collection of rice. And small pink and red chrysanthemums that started blooming a little early. After this hot and humid summer, we can meet autumn flowers in our garden, but it makes me feel good to plant those who are not at home in a pot and put them in the front yard.  

This summer, I couldn't go anywhere with the corona, but I'm spending my time with Sabzac Sabzac. Since a long time ago, I have been known as a "good-natured person" among friends and acquaintances. But not necessarily. Sometimes, when you hang out with many people, you become sensitive and picky inside. I didn't bother to mark it outside, so I can only express my hard personality at home with a lot of ups and downs.  

In that sense, I often run into my son who spends most of his time at home. However, our hats quite often fit each other. I sometimes think about things that have passed by every ten years, and I remember a friend who celebrates his birthday this season. I happened to be able to talk to my son and recall his memories for a while.  

Recently, his son, who is on a scientific expedition to a certain institution online, had a big mouth since the morning breeze.  

"Mom! You know what Sam gave you during the intensive class? I posted it on the cafe in addition to the previous one, but they told me to write it again, saying nothing has changed from the previous one. "  

"What are you talking about?"  

"I wrote down a line of advice for each item, but they told me to rewrite it. Maybe it's because I even experimented last week. I should have taken it slow. Other friends are about to experiment."  

"Isn't it because the amount is too small for just one line? Please reply in the comments that you're going to write it again. And I'll write it again soon. Or ask me again. What more should I write?"  

He said, "I can't believe it. How do I use it anymore?' looked perplexed. "I definitely wrote it reflecting what you've been saying, but what did you lack?"It seems that he entered the cafe quietly. I can hear the exclamation of "hehehe." Actually, I could've taken a peek at it with my mom's chance, but I didn't even look at it. I wanted to take care of it by myself even if it was clumsy. Usually, when I give advice on assignments to my son, most of them think it's nagging and don't listen to him. Should I say that I didn't like it when I was in an emergency like this?  

The son is calling his mother in a hurry. It seems that the contents were not saved because the computer was stuttering since it was written. It was natural that he was criticized because he posted it in the progress report. There are so many things like this. It is common for human beings to be frustrated with the machine even though it blooms the flowers of machine civilization.  

Normally, I would have argued over whether I did well or not because of the rising excitement index. But I was dealing with my son's mood and my mood very well. 'Isn't it because you write only one line?' That's a cheap but straightforward answer. I find myself smiling.  

A long time ago, there was a time when I lived in a friend's house. As I mentioned earlier, I'm the kind of person who doesn't get along well with other people and doesn't live long in one space. There are many times when you are not flexible because you always feel the burden of living with care, not to make mistakes. It was a time when I was living in a friend's house, so it was a time when my self-esteem went down as low.  

The friend who resembled the color of red and pink. Having put her friends to sleep together, she was still writing her homework until dawn. I must have touched the computer plug incorrectly while sleeping next to me. For this reason, it was a computer system that had to be saved even before the report data that was being written was stored (in the past, it had to be saved directly from time to time to time. These days, they automatically save it every few minutes. The friend was so surprised by the incident that he was hit without a countermeasure that he could spit out a few "evil" sounds.  

The story of a friend who was not a family but a friend and had to be swallowed up without screaming more is so painful. It is a day that reminds me of a friend who became a saint of the Catholic Church.  

