---
title: boyfriend toast, sunday, daily life
subtitle : Story#202008260857
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - boyfriend toast
 - sunday
 - daily life
date : 2020-08-25T23:57:00+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1589230796543-60ae2f819ab1?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I woke up at 4 a.m. on a rainy Sunday morning. There was a thud in front of the fire hydrant in front of the front door. And the Kakaotalk alarm went off. But I was lying in bed, turning my body pillow around, turning sideways. I love the weather these days when I feel the coldness of dawn and morning as the sole of my feet. It's hot during the day, but it's getting cooler in the morning and evening when it rains. The weather in summer is short, but there are times when it's really nice. (I close my eyes again and pray for the well-being of the flooded areas.)  

The thud was Market Curly. I ordered it yesterday to make 'Jeonnam Chin Toast' that I've been craving since last week. I have bread and blueberry jam at home, and all I need was cream cheese. I'm going to make my ex-boyfriend toast. I really wanted to eat that expensive madam Roic cream cheese I used in this recipe.  

Oh, 'Jeonnam Chin Toast' is a toast that is popular on the Internet these days. I was searching for a toast recipe and laughed at the behind-the-scenes story of this toast. I missed the taste of toast made by my ex-boyfriend so much that I asked about the recipe and cream cheese in Kakao Talk. So I thought, "Your name is Chunnam Chin Toast" and "How delicious is it that you can ask if you break up with me up? I wanted to eat more because I thought so.  

It was a simple recipe for baking bread in a frying pan and applying a thick layer of 'Madam Roic' cream cheese and blueberry jam, then microwave it for another 10 seconds. It's a simple recipe, and my desire for cream cheese is strong. Before I got married, I went to Costco with my family on the weekend and saw a lot of foreign, sheep, and novel items, so I hit my knees saying, "If I go to Costco, I can buy that madam something cream cheese." I went to Costco last week with my tired bodies after work, but I couldn't find it. Instead, I bought dried sweet potatoes, watermelons, mangosteen, and other luxuries.  

Leaving the husband who oversleep behind on the weekend, I spent a Sunday morning excitedly grilling bread, applying cream cheese and jam thickly, and making lattes with decaffeinated cold blue, watching Netflix's current-running meed. It's really nice. Not long ago, on weekends I woke up, and I was disgusted and disappointed by the sleeping groom. I mean, you know, if you don't eat something in the morning, you live like a bachelor, even though you know your pregnant wife is sick? The selfishness of my hormones, and my family, I guess, was forcing me to wake up at five or six in the morning, eat breakfast, and get back to sleep.  

Anyway, my first Chunnam Chintest is going to be a delicious weekend. I made it a rainy Sunday morning when I was an intern in New York, and I was able to get out of the groom's office and spend the weekend happily, smiling and kissing him, and making him feel good about his ex-boyfriend's toast. I don't think it's a big deal to keep myself in a good mood.  

