---
title: a play, challenge, routine
subtitle : Story#202008261328
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - a play
 - challenge
 - routine
date : 2020-08-26T04:28:56+0900
toc: false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1588804469245-3806111acfd6?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---

I saw a play called 'Suspicious Heungshinso' in Toronto in 2018. It felt like I was in Korea after a long time seeing a Korean play in Toronto. Watching this play reminded me of my middle school days. At that time, I remember acting in the theater class and performing on the stage that all the students saw as "Jani Yoon" during the festival. I was so embarrassed that I couldn't even speak properly. Even in high school, my drama teacher told me to try a play, but I was ashamed and afraid to stand in front of many people. But deep down in his heart, he must have had a passion for the play. I participated in an audition held by the Korean Theater Company in Toronto and passed the exam in February this year.  

Due to the corona, we have been practicing the play online since June. The more you practice pronunciation and monologue, the more interesting it is. The interesting reason is that I grow up and there is a coolness that gives up my inner feelings to me, who is not usually good at expressing emotions. The problem is that the dialect is not fixed well. When I tell my friends in Busan, they tell me not to speak in Seoul dialect, but people in Seoul think I'm from Busan. I think a lot of practice will be needed.  

The play is marvelous. This is especially true when you see him perform a few meters in front of a small theater in Daehangno. It's amazing how a different world unfolds in one place. Each actor's expression, high and low in voice, and gestures create a new world of stories. Visible breathing sounds and sweat make you immerse. So acting is fun.  

The most memorable play is 'The Year of the Dog on the Dragon.' It is a play about a life where a man and a woman meet and get married, love and grow old together. It's so fun, and it's a play that makes you think about what life is. It was a two-hour performance, but I remember filling my heart with emotion and laughter.  

The monologue to practice this week is Park Dong-hoon's line from the drama 'My Mister.' It's awkward because it doesn't make sense to me yet. However, I will do my best next year, eager to perform on stage even for a minor role.  

If you hear someone cursing, don't tell him.  

Just pretend you don't know.  

It may be friendship between you guys that tells you everything,  

Adults don't.  

It's loyal and polite to pretend you don't know.  

You shouldn't have told me, and he's avoiding you.  

Who knows I'm hurt?  

It's uncomfortable. I don't want to see it.  

You don't have to know anyone.  

Then it's nothing.  

I'll pretend I don't know.  

No matter what I hear about you,  

I'll pretend I don't know.  

So promise me, too.  

I'll pretend I don't know.  

I'm scared.  

I thought you'd know everything without telling me.  



