---
title : Corona, school, everyday
subtitle : Story#202009280026
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Corona
 - school
 - everyday
date : 2020-09-28T00:26:19+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1478562672393-2412e5b9d634?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Breaking news came 5 minutes ago.  

[Breaking News] The first 'opening in April' in the history of a nationwide school... Postponing two more weeks to April 6  

Talking to the child was annoying. I couldn't say 'Mom wants to cry'.  

What was happening was happening. The government will have a lot of worries. When the school opens, the number of new confirmed cases explosively increases, and it will be anxious to emerge as a new virus base.  

Yesterday finally peaked at home. On the birthday of the kids' dad, everyone was writing cards, but the first one was not happy with the drawing, so I started to get annoyed by myself. 3 minutes after calming the child, solving problems, and letting go. Again annoyed with another problem. I was patient and I was soothing. However, I started the third episode again. Ha... I'm getting mentally. I endured,'Yes, will you be frustrated too?' and the aftermath came. So, in the end, tears were removed from the eyes of the children. Thinking once again,'I'm a person who can't help it'... sad 'Are you going to be okay tomorrow? What should I do to do that?' And said to the children. "From tomorrow we will go out unconditionally."  

Social distancing and the arrival of the economic crisis  

Korea vs. other countries  

The spirit of sacrifice of medical staff, drive-through examination system, and delivery of lunch boxes and livelihoods by volunteers seem to be becoming issues around the world. Many people have empty shelves in each country's mart and photos of Korean volunteers in conflict.  

An acquaintance living in Germany was informed that he was taking care of himself, reminiscent of Operation 007, even going outside because he hated Asians in the Far East. Even if they want to go to the hospital for treatment, they suspect that they are potential carriers and refuse to receive treatment. An acquaintance who went to the emergency room saw old people dying in the emergency room. It is said that it was a shock to see that the body was wrapped and the family could not even die due to infection concerns.  

My friend from the UK was going to come to Korea for Easter vacation in early April, but I got in touch this morning. "It's a cancellation of Korean Air and I can't go anywhere. Everything is cancelled. I'll see you next time."  

In Italy, it is said that Asian hatred and discrimination are going into madness. An acquaintance who knows is talking about whether the Korean government should spend a charter.  

This confused time,  

What can i do now  

I am thinking of going outdoors with my children. I have to spend time in a country house while in Qincheng. And let's go to the tidal flat experience. I went to my younger brother's mountain, dig some mugwort, completed a tree house, and picked up some pine cones. And, saying that there is a volunteer group nearby, I want to wear a mask and go with my children. I want to make any number of lunch boxes together.  

The price will soar due to the lack of dollars, so if you can buy dollars, buy a little.  

Now there is a higher possibility of going into a longer battle. All that remains is to eat firmly and live well with the children.  

May all gather wisdom and overcome well!