---
title : France, Corona, Everyday
subtitle : Story#202009280010
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - France
 - Corona
 - Everyday
date : 2020-09-28T00:10:46+0900
toc : false
images : 
thumbnail : https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1545055144-9ab226a851c4?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
Hello. Soup. This is my fourth post at brunch.  

In fact, a few weeks ago, since the French decided to pause everything, I repeated myself several times a day, caught up in negative thoughts such as anxiety, helplessness, anger, and then released. It was a time of breathtaking. There were days when I was only lying in bed except when I ate and went to the bathroom. My heart was sick, so my body was also very sick. Sleeping after taking FERVEX cold medicine, which has excellent sleeping effect, and falling asleep again. Even though I had to do something or conceive something, I was under control and confinement measures when I hadn't done anything properly yet, so I felt helpless.  

Korea did not take strong control measures as in France, but I think that many Korean readers have had similar experiences as me, maybe even now. We send you heartfelt comfort and support. I wish all of you, me, to overcome this crisis well and earn even greater rewards. I started writing brunch because I thought I couldn't just spend time like this, so I thought I had to do something. And little by little, I plan my business again, and I am trying to achieve one by one, although it is still insufficient. Rather than staying still, we have to go one step at a time.  

Earlier this year, the Greve strike broke out in France. It was also a massive strike. The French media also spoke of the unusual scale. Then I wanted to take a breather, but now it's a coronavirus. There was something I was really worried about in a situation where I was sighing. There are medicines that my wife needs to take, but when I left Korea, the prescribed medicines were gradually running out. All of the tasks necessary for settlement were delayed, or going to the hospital was being delayed in a slow situation, but some hospitals were also being closed because of the coronavirus.  

When I came to France, the medical system was very different from Korea. First, go to the General Doctor (the concept of the attending physician), and after receiving the diagnosis, go to the corresponding laboratory (not in the hospital, they are all separate) with the medical certificate, and then go to the General Doctor to receive the diagnosis. You need to buy medicines or injections. If you bought an injection, you have to go back to the General Doctor and give it to you instead of giving it yourself. And all of these processes are not possible unless you make an appointment in person or over the phone. Even due to the corona crisis, several general doctors were taking a break. It would be great. I knew my wife couldn't find the medicine to eat in time. I thought it was until a few days ago.  

In a situation where I was afraid that I would go to the hospital and receive medical treatment because of the corona, it was the doctolib.fr site that I searched hard and found. There are doctors registered on this site, and they offer video telemedicine services. It turned out that imaging treatment started about a year ago. Thanks to this, I was able to make an appointment with a doctor nearby my house, and my wife was able to safely receive medical treatment at home with video. And I could get a medical certificate online, and I could go to the pharmacy and buy the medicines I needed.  

I was treated safely at home, and because I got the medicine I needed, my wife and I held hands and danced together at home. (Later, when my wife looked at the site evaluation, she said that she had seen an interesting comment. The comment said'Invention of the Century'. It was a service that I thought would be impossible in France.)  

When one of the problems I had in my heart was solved, I started to taste a little bit of flesh. So, I had breakfast and lunch on the terrace. The background photo of the title is pasta eaten for lunch. The picture above is a simple bread type of coffee. The sunshine was so good, and as I ate and drink outside, it seemed that the dusty darkness accumulated in my heart gradually faded.  

If you look at the Three Kingdoms delay, Zhuge Liang said with sigh when he heard that Jojo had fled to Hwayong-do, right? Even though it is humans who make up work, it is the sky that accomplishes work. How could Guan Yu, who once saved Jojo's life, kill Jojo? Whether it was something you can guess in advance or not, what you cannot do is what you cannot do. Of course, the opposite is also possible.  

If you think about it, it was urgently decided to start a business in France, preparations were urgent, and everything went urgently. Suddenly, as if on a roller coaster, fate has turned its way. I'll tell you a specific story soon. Anyway, I will continue to ponder and ponder how my life will go, but I decided to do what I can and leave the rest to heaven. And now, you have to work hard on what you can do here. We must always remember the importance of our daily lives and that our daily lives are continuing unbroken.  

To go outside, you will need to show your Attestation de déplacement dérogatoire paperwork. I didn't have a printer at home, so I wrote and carried it with me every time. As I keep writing several pages, I feel like I can practice writing, I can study French, and the speed of writing gradually gotten faster, and I remembered the so-called memories of my old high school days. I used it so hard and carried it with my passport, but unfortunately (?) I have never been checked. According to surrounding news, even the police are not chasing with polarity.  

It is not yet clear whether French control will end in mid-April or more. It is said that the government is also contemplating. For the time being, we will continue to stay at home unless there is anything else.  

It is an evening sky taken from the terrace. I have always thought that the sky and clouds in the paintings of Impressionist painters like Monet were the products of the artist's imagination. But when I came here, it wasn't. It really looked like this. Looking at the sky and clouds with my wife, I realized again that I was living under an exotic sky. There must be something different in the place where people live, but it turns out that France is different from Korea. It is different in many ways. I will have to learn hard to live here.  

We do not yet know what kind of memories this coronavirus situation will remain for our couple. But someday, in the distant future, for the moment to recall and remember that there were times like this, I will have to endure the present, giving strength to the hand I held with my wife. By doing what I can, I will overcome the boring time. Sometimes looking at the sky outside the window, looking at the clouds, welcoming the sun and the wind.  

I hope that this moment will become a memory for all of you who read my articles. Thank you for reading the long article.  
