---
title : Constitution, daily life, life
subtitle : Story#202009280002
draft : false
tags :
 - life
 - daily
 - Constitution
 - daily life
 - life
date : 2020-09-28T00:02:31+0900
toc : false
images : 
 - https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1540211444128-aa81f67b4a18?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=85&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=srgb&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjE1NTU0OX0
---
I live alone.  

I have lived alone for about 11 years. Now I am getting to know me properly. It is very difficult to know one person properly. I am increasingly realizing that it is the same for myself. Even though I like cats, I didn't take much effort, and even though I felt like I was alone, I didn't know why living with someone wasn't depicted. I vaguely pointed out that I was too comfortable to be alone.  

I have a lot of time, but I think I can't take care of my body because I have more work to do. The reason I didn't describe it as a neighborhood is because it's close, but it's a bit far to walk. I deliberately take time out of the house, go to the parking lot to find the car, start the car, drive, park in the Lake Park parking lot and take me there. Because I have to have the rewards that I took, I walk around the park. After that, you feel lighter and refreshed. Suddenly, thoughts that I couldn't usually come up with.  

It was a few days ago. Also, contrary to my will, I overslept, and I wanted to move diligently as I was late, but I was hungry, and I wanted to start working by eating anything I could eat at home. In the neighborhood, there is a sundae house with the concept of'a real sundae made by hand'. I like the sundae and sundae soup there. After eating, your body feels healthy and feels better. In these days, it deserves to be called'soul food'. Your own soul food. I was so hungry that I could barely look like a human, and I went and filled my body with my soul food sundae soup.  

'Ah. Now it's worth moving.'  

When I thought it was two o'clock in the afternoon. I hurried back home, sat at my desk and turned on my laptop. I'm the only one who speaks aloud on purpose.  

'Now, shall we start working? '  

The body now seems to be functioning normally, but the head is not trying to work.  

'I want to get a cool breeze. I want to enjoy the sunlight that makes me feel better. I need a fresh transition.'  

Constantly whining. In this case, there is no help. There is no way things can go ahead if you look at the laptop monitor with such a mental mind and type sloppy.  

'okay. Let's just walk one round at Lake Park.'  

This day, I also went to Lake Park, which I didn't plan to go to because of this flirty story. The afternoon sun was moderate, and the fresh air without fine dust was soft, so I felt better quickly. Walking while gazing at the sparkling scene of the sun shining on the lake felt really satisfying and filled my heart. But the time is already 4:30pm. I'm really spending my time. No matter how much I have now, I only have time, but my main asset is time, so I wonder if I can use it like this.  

Then I thought about it. The reason I feel comfortable living alone. The reason not to be afraid not to live alone.  

I am raising a person who is so demanding, but it is inevitable that it is too much to care about another existence. What a tricky human being! Because they are inherently sleepy and vulnerable to sleep deprivation, they must sleep well, and if they are hungry, they must take good care of their food because they cannot endure the state of hunger well because they can't be hungry. If you take care of it, you will eat whatever you give it, but it is not easy to take it satisfactorily because you often find things like'food that makes you feel good if you eat it.' Condition management is also essential because concentration is weak so that you can focus on something only if you maintain a fresh condition. It is difficult to constantly work in a stuffy space, so you have to manage the space, and you have to change your mood from time to time because you cannot concentrate even if you feel bad.  

I praise me for being unique just for raising such a tricky human for 11 years alone. What's more, it's really great to have been raised while making you feel happy. It is difficult to properly raise each person. I'm doing that hard job right now, and it's impossible to do more than that. I feel that I will continue to live alone if I don't have more capabilities.  

As you can see, the tricky and inefficient country tries to tell a little story about people. What kind of person you are, what you think, what happened, what you want to do. The story of one of many people on Earth, neither special nor unknown. The story of a person who thinks that if you don't know much, knowing yourself right away will help you live your life. Such a person's self-raising period.  

The story is a consolation from empathy, admiration for the diversity of people, a quick fun that comes from being different from me, and a spirit of challenge that I want to try. I wish I could.  

I try to start with honest and plain stories silently.